Indian Art is rich in its tapestry of ancient heritage, medieval times, Mughal rule, British rule, Progressive art and now contemporary art. The earliest recorded art of India originated from a religious Hindu background, which was later replaced by a soaring popular Buddhist art. Moreover, from a timeless era art in India has been inspired by spiritualism and mystical relationship between man and god. Art in India had survived in its homeland and spread from time to time all over the world. This was possible because many kings who recognized budding talent patronized art and themselves were great connoisseurs. Each king has left a deep impression of his affinity to the artist community. Until today, art is patronized by the rich and famous in the country.Indian artists relied heavily on religious scriptures to draw inspiration. Since there was no restriction, they flourished under the patronage of rulers. Their art has survived the ravages of time and have a unique place in historical records. Water colors, charcoal, vegetable dyes were popular methods of painting. Fabric painting was extensive and Indian designers still adapt ancient patterns to modern fabrics. The purpose of art in ancient India was not just to adorn the walls. Each painting had a story to narrate. Visually ancient Indian art was colorful, aesthetic and appealing to naked eye. Mostly kings used to commission the artists to paint from inspiration.Stone and marble were also used to create art. Indian sculpture until today remains a mute testimony of the talent that emerged under many different kings.
An artist who is credited with bringing about a momentous turn in the art of India, Raja Ravi Varma inexorably influenced future generations of artists from different streams. He was the first artist to cast the Indian Gods and mythological characters in natural earthy surroundings using a European realism; a depiction adopted not only by the Indian “calendar-art”- spawning ubiquitous images of Gods and Goddesses, but also by literature and later by the Indian film industry- affecting their dress and form even today. His dazzling oil paintings of India’s ancient glory delighted turn-of-the-century India and his mass reproductions through oleography reached out to the Indian populace in an unprecedented scale.Ravi Varma was convinced that mass reproduction of his paintings would initiate millions of Indians to real Art, and in 1894 he set up an oleography press called the Ravi Varma Pictures Depot. 
See profile and artworks of master painters of India. These artists have made a significant contribution to the world of Indian art and its growth. Original artworks can be seen in several museums and important private collections. 

Many foreigners have not understood Indian art because they have no background or knowledge of the religion and symbols. Therefore, they tend to confuse the meaning and misinterpret it. Properly understood Indian Art represents a mystical outlook of the people and a spiritual connection. Now with awareness and different artists using interpretation techniques even ancient art is being appreciated.
IndiaArt supports various initiatives and projects of Art India Foundation which has been working closely with children and schools. The education system in India does not encourage creative thinking by the children. The objective of all the projects and initiatives of Art India  Foundation is to encourage and stimulate the children to think creatively and use various art forms to express themselves. All initiatives of Art India Foundation are powered by Indiaart website.
Children between age group 5 to 15 can submit their artworks and the same will be assessed by a selection committee. A dedicated web page will be created for each selected child and his / her artworks will be showcased on this page. Children will be encouraged to submit newer artworks as well which will be updated from time to time. There is no entry fee for participation.The idea is to enable the children experience an interaction with thinkers, intellectuals, artists, scientists and other such personalities who have the ability to capture the imagination of the children and introduce them to a fascinating world of ideas. Such interactions have the power to open up the children's mind to a thought process and inspiration which is hard to come by in the day to day academic life which is so examination oriented.


Mughal Art Influence 

When the Mughals made India their home, they bought the Persian influence in their artwork. Miniatures of the Mughal period speak of a different art form altogether. Widely accepted by the people, art from this period represent the importance of the king. Muslim kingdoms flourished until the British entered India. 

Marble was used extensively to produce sculpture and the Taj Mahal is a living example of the glorious era. Now understood to be one of the wonders of the ancient world, along with the Egyptian pyramids it is the only surviving ancient monument in the world.
Rajputana Art

Mostly men were painting during this period (roughly around the 16th Century). The artists worked on the belief that nature is sacred and they painted trees, animals and people all in harmony to one another. Lord Krishna is depicted in many Rajputana paintings. The Vaishnava group in their art stressed the relationship of humans with the Almighty. The miniature paintings from the Rajputanas flourished as along as the kings were in court. Once the British came to India, the art scene also changed. Most of the artists gave up, as the British could not understand native art. 
Modern Indian Art 

In the beginning of the 20th century, some educated Indians began painting new themes, which were directly inspired by the ancient culture of India. With the arrival of the foreigners in the motherland most artists were pinning to get back to the core of native themes. Some bold new revivalists that changed the face of the art world.A group of progressive artist decided to express their talents during the turbulent days. Landscapes, nature, portraits were some of the themes that artists chose during this time.
Indian Art Today

Once the government recognized the need to give the new breed of artists a solid platform the colors on the canvas have inspired and encouraged talent from all over the country. Today many artists are producing great works of art and exhibiting them abroad. Most Indian paintings are finding buyers in other countries. The uniqueness of Indian Art still lies in its rich cultural heritage. The art mart in India has gone global and like other sectors it is an economically a viable proposition for business. Somewhere in the world right now, an Indian painting will be bought or sold at an auction and at an unheard price. The paintbrush is becoming as powerful as the pen to express for many Indians. 


