This site is available for people to sign up for the Readers' Station Quarterly Newsletter. We also have a group where you can talk with authors and readers, but this group is only to post notices for the Readers' Station. Feel free to visit our website at www.readersstation.com and our message board where people chat, ask questions, share news and much more. 
Group Email Addresses 
Post message: 
ReadersStationNews@yahoogroups.com
 Subscribe:
ReadersStationNews-subscribe@yahoogroups.com
Unsubscribe:
ReadersStationNews-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com
List owner:
ReadersStationNews-owner@yahoogroups.com
  Reader's Registration 
Users of the Library's research areas, including Computer Catalog Centers, and Copyright Office public service areas are each required to have a Reader Identification Card issued by the Library. Cards are free and can be obtained by completing a registration process and presenting a valid driver's license, state-issued identification card, or passport. Researchers must be 16 and above years of age at time of registration. Questions should be directed to 202-707-5278. 
A Reader Identification Card is a permanent card which remains valid for two years. To ensure patron information has remained unchanged, at the end of the two year period, each reader must renew their card in person by returning to the Reader Registration Station and presenting a valid form of identification.
Free Wireless Access at the Library
Hardware Requirements
Your wireless-enabled device (laptop, iPhone, etc.) must be configured to use the 802.11g or 802.11g/n wireless protocol. Network adapters using the older 802.11a or 802.11b protocols will not work.Limitations and Disclaimers
Library  staff are not authoried to assist users in configuring their wireless devices or in trouble-shooting any difficulties users may experience in connecting to the Library’s WiFi service.Wireless networks are not secure. Information sent from or to your wireless device could be captured by anyone else with a wireless device and the appropriate software. The Library assumes no responsibility for the safety of equipment or for laptop configurations, security, or data files resulting from connection to the Library's network.  

