It is a challenge to grab eyeballs in hero-centric films: Tamanna 
South actress Tamanna Bhatia, who will be seen opposite Ajay Devgn in Himmatwala and Akshay Kumar in a masala entertainer, finds it challenging to work with a superstar as you have to struggle to make your screen space felt in the movie.
Tamanna is making her debut in Bollywood with Sajid Khan's remake of the 1983 action movie Himmatwala.
"I think there are only advantages of working with a superstar... There are no disadvantages. The good point is lot of people will come and watch the film at least," Tamanna told PTI.
"There is an opportunity to show your talent and then people can have their opinion whether they liked the film or you or not," she added.
On typical Bollywood masala films riding on heroes and heroines being used as an accessory, she said, "I feel for an actress commercial films are bigger challenge than a film where there is a title role for them... When you have a limited role in the film to captivate the audience, its important."
Bollywood, regional films share credits at National Awards
A healthy mix of Bollywood, southern, Marathi and Bengali cinema took away the accolades at the 60th National Film Awards, announced in New Delhi on Monday. Movies with offbeat themes and unconventional treatment shone the brightest.
Tigmanshu Dhulia's Paan Singh Tomar, about an athlete-turned-dacoit, won the best film. The much-versatile Irrfan was named the best actor for the same film, and he shared the title with actor Vikram Gokhale, who was honoured for the performance in Marathi film "Anumati".
One could say Bollywood was shining, courtesy unique films like Kahaani, Vicky Donor, Paan Singh Tomar, OMG: Oh My God! and Dekh Indian Circus, which won multiple awards. However, it was surprising how Barfi!, which was India's entry for the Oscars this year, didn't find a single mention.
 

Priyanka Chopra unhappy as Barfi misses out on National Award

I am feeling bad that Barfi did not win a national award. But then it is up to the jury why they did not give the award," Priyanka told reporters at the launch of her first item song 'Babli Badmaash' here.
Anurag Basu's Barfi was a love story in which Ranbir Kapoor played the role of a deaf and mute person, while Priyanka played an austistic girl's role.
Priyanka, however, said that she is happy that her cousin actress Parineeti Chopra, who won a special mention at the National Awards today for her role in Ishaqzaadez
Babli Badmaash is my ode to Amitabh Bachchan: Priyanka Chopra
Priyanka is seen wearing an edgy costume of rubber and leather studded with LED lights loosely resembling the jacket worn by Bachchan for the popular Saara Zamana from the 1981 blockbuster, in Sanjay Gupta's upcoming film Shootout At Wadala.
"I have acted in three remake films (Don, Agneepath and Zanjeer) of Mr Amitabh Bachchan. I am big fan of him. Unfortunately, I couldn't play his role. So it is my ode to him through this song," Priyanka told reporters here last night at the launch of the song here.
The retro track is composed by Anu Malik, sung by Sunidhi Chauhan and choreographed by Ahmed Khan.
"I had a good experience while doing the song. It was hectic but fun. We had to finish the song in two days I had to shoot for Gunday. I enjoyed doing the song," she said.
Salman Khan gets singing lessons
Salman Khan has a new-found passion for singing, or so it seems. At a recent awards event, the star asked Ayushmann Khurrana to give him a singing lesson. The newbie had gone on stage to collect an award for Best Male Singer for his song Paani Da in Vicky Donor, when Salman who was was hosting the event, asked Ayushmann to teach him to sing. 
A source says, “Ayushmann excitedly agreed and they broke into a live voice training session, as Salman attempted singing Paani Da.” Trust Salman to make any event rock!
Not easy being a heavyweight!
The insider says,“Ayushmann plays Ram, a stage artiste, but on the stage he plays the role of Ravan in Ram Leela. As Ravan, the costume that he wears was so heavy that he kept taking it off after every take and then had to wear it again for the next shot. This entire drama put him on the receiving end of jokes, as the crew kept calling him, ‘Nautanki Saala’.
Bollywood, regional films share credits at National Awards 
A healthy mix of Bollywood, southern, Marathi and Bengali cinema took away the accolades at the 60th National Film Awards, announced in New Delhi on Monday. Movies with offbeat themes and unconventional treatment shone the brightest.
Tigmanshu Dhulia's Paan Singh Tomar, about an athlete-turned-dacoit, won the best film. The much-versatile Irrfan was named the best actor for the same film, and he shared the title with actor Vikram Gokhale, who was honoured for the performance in Marathi film "Anumati".
At 70, Amitabh Bachchan is now a mobile app
As megastar Amitabh Bachchan turns 70 on Thursday, fans across the world will be able to get closer to him with the aid of a new mobile phone application built as a tribute to the cinema legend.The app allows customers to browse and download content by giving access to top 100 high quality songs from Universal music, filmography (list of his 200-odd movies with release dates and other information) and a quiz on him.This app is supported on Apple devices and in WAP format for other mobile phone users.It is also integrated with the official Big B Twitter pages (@SrBachchan) where fans can view the actor's tweets and get an insight on his life.To be launched tomorrow on his 70th birthday, the app will allow fans to wish him directly.
 
100 years of Indian Cinema, 70 years of Amitabh Bachchan
e has achieved so much as an actor that he has now become a living legend. But to the common man, he comes across as someone they can trust;someone they can sit and chat with, open up to, like a confidant or an elder brother. He connects with his audience not only on the screen, but also in real life and makes people around him comfortable. A great quality and ability that he possesses is his simplicity and malleability – a person who will cry when you convey your grief to him. This quality is not something that you can imbibe, it comes from within.

He maintains his uniqueness with dedication and hard work. His eagerness to work is the most important thing. After a certain age, one might think they've done enough but he is still hungry and eager for work. It's amazing to see his enthusiasm and it keeps everyone inspired and motivated.

Everyday he would come on the sets (of Aarakshan) and he would behave like it's his first day as an actor. I usually work with a lot of people on the sets and he would often see me shouting instructions to everybody, trying to coordinate. And he would know how stressed and hassled I was, so he would take over for me for a little while. He would imitate my screaming and sort of put people to ease.

Even now, at this age and with such experience, for a 9 am shoot, he would be ready for it at quarter to nine! And then, when I would tell him 'Bhaiyya, we are still setting up things, why don't you go back to the van' and he would tell me to just give him a chair, he'll sit in the corner and watch the people set up everything! And I am so looking forward to working with him again in Satyagraha, come January.
