As we all know, fashion can be difficult to follow. In an industry where one color, fabric or pattern can be insanely hot one minute and totally out the next, there’s no doubt that keeping up is no easy task. Not to worry, we're here to help you sort through all the latest fashion news and trends and keep you looking chic
Fashion is drawing upon numerous decades and eras, icons and cultures. So it’s no surprise that the headscarf has found its way into the list of must-have accessories.
 
What would spring be without another whimsical take on fashion, allowing us to have fun, look feminine and hold onto one of the biggest trends of the year? If 2011 shyly introduced us to the 1960s swing, it was the spring of 2012 that put the focus back on a revival of ’60s fashion. From mod, to folk and sex kitten inspiration, last season was all about rediscovering the playful elements of the highly acclaimed decade
Autumn (fall) / winter are special seasons for those into fashion. They're seasons that let you perfect your style for the year. And they're seasons that let you perfect your fashion credentials as the new year approaches. As 2013 approaches, we take you through fall 2012's fashions to give you the perfect style for the end of this year and the start of the next.
After the break Fashionising.com will take you through all the fashion trends, from the clothes to the accessories to the hairstyles, for the last seasons of 2012. As always, this fashion trend guide is organic and we’ll continue to update it throughout the season. 
Fashion looks East, drawing inspiration from the Orient and weaving it in with Western fashion in new and unique ways. Texture and print are the keys to oriental-inspired clothing in fall / winter 2012, with oriental motifs and rich brocades taking their places alongside kimono cuts and mandarin colours. 
White may be a huge part of the agenda for summer, but don’t feel you need to neglect it when the leaves start to fall from the trees. White this winter can be all about crisp tailoring or fairytale snow queens; play with texture and fabric for a white winter look
Red may always represent passion and heat, but it’s not always right for the runway. Fall 2012 found the time right to indulge in everything from the brightest of corals to the deepest of ruby reds, mixing fiery hues with the season’s strongest textures.
We consider this a niche autumn / fall / winter fashion trend. Not because we don’t see it as a bit part of the season’s fashions – we suspect you’re going to see a lot of it. But, rather, we see it as a niche trend because most women’t aren’t going to immediately want to wear it.
It can be casual, it can be smart; you can spot it being worn day or night: in one way or another, denim is never far away from the majority of wardrobes. And like everything in fashion, denim has its own set of trends that move and evolve with time. 
We’re always looking for ways to really make an outfit shine, and when it comes to that, accessories are a girl’s best friend. Being perfect for both their practicality (winter is cold, after all) and ability to transform an outfit, hats are one of the key accessories for the chilly season.
Just because the sun is in hiding, doesn’t mean you don’t need to shade your eyes from the glare – or keep your outfit from looking under-accessorised. As far as sunglasses go, round shapes are one key option to try, from slightly cat-eyed to those with bold printed frames.
A wardrobe classic, the men’s leather bomber has a history that’s both practical and sartorial, and very much victorious. Revived with new colours and trims, it’s once again a must-have for any man’s outerwear collection come fall.
It may not be many shades away from the classic black, but come autumn / winter men get to mix up their outerwear by way of rich blue tones. And whoever said navy and black didn’t go together was clearly wrong: they do this season. 
The new season provides two uniques opportunities for your hairstyle: the excuse of getting a new hairstyle simply because it’s a new season, and the need to get a new hairstyle because the weather has gotten cold.

1960s Fashion: Going mod for spring 2013
Take inspiration from the playful side of the '60s in bold prints, bright colours and short a-line hems. This spring the evolution of the mod revival 

 
.
  
