Ten Tips on How to Meditate Easily & Successfully
. . . by Lisa Guyman, Inner Sanctum
Call (303) 861-2280 or visit www.inner-sanctum.com
for more information.
Taking time to meditate is one of the greatest investments you can make in yourself and in your
life. The instructions below apply to a classic ‘breath awareness meditation.’ (Another way
to get started is by utilizing guided meditations. Lisa’s guided meditation CD, Journey into
Meditation: Guided Meditations for Healing, Insight and Manifestation can be ordered at
www.inner-sanctum.com and by phone by calling 303.861.2280). You can learn much more
about the tremendous benefits of meditation, including greater happiness, wellbeing and
success at www.inner-sanctum.com.
1) Set aside 20 minutes to meditate. Free yourself from distractions. Turn the phone off,
Find a comfortable place to sit and close your eyes.
2) Let your awareness settle on your breath. For the next 20 minutes just observe your
breath, don’t try to change it. Just watch your breath observing how it naturally changes.
3) You’ll notice your attention will get caught up in thoughts. That is O.K. When you notice you
are thinking about other things just bring your attention gently back to your breath.
4) You will notice your attention get drawn to noises in the environment. That is O.K. Again,
just gently shift your awareness back to watching the flow of your breath.
5) It doesn’t matter how many times you find yourself distracted from your breath as long as
you easily return your attention to it once you notice that you have drifted.
6) Use a clock to check the time and when you finish meditating take a few minutes before
opening your eyes again and resuming activity. Even if you don’t think you were deep – still
take a few minutes at the end of any meditation before engaging in activity.
7) There are 3 correct experiences in meditation: sleep, thoughts (including restlessness and
boredom) and slipping into “the Gap”, (as Deepak Chopra calls it), a space of peace/quiet.
Know that lots of thoughts in meditation actually indicate the successful release of stress.
8) Do not judge the quality of your meditation by the experiences you have in meditation.
Instead, look for the effects and benefits of meditation in your daily life.
9) If you are ‘trying’ to meditate, you’re not meditating. Meditation is about letting go and
surrender; it is not about effort. With meditation we gently direct our attention to the breath
(or mantra) but we are never forcing or concentrating or blocking out thoughts. And
remember thoughts indicate success in meditation and release of stress.
10) If you are meditating consistently, you’ll get results! But don’t expect them overnight.
Dedicate yourself to meditating regularly (ideally twice a day) for at least a month or two. If
you don’t notice any difference ask your friends and family if they notice a difference in you.
If you want to get more out of your meditations or feel that you aren’t meditating easily and
effortlessly (with the above guidelines) than I’d recommend Primordial Sound Meditation. In this
course, as introduced by Deepak Chopra, you get a mantra (a sound calculated specifically for you
by The Chopra Center) to be used silently in meditation. Students of Primordial Sound Meditation
have reported that meditation with a mantra feels deeper, easier and faster. In this experiential
course you’ll also get to view an exclusive video by Dr. Chopra on higher states of consciousness.
Lisa Guyman offers Primordial Sound Meditation workshops in Denver and can provide training in
your locale. Alternatively, you can visit www.chopra.com for a teacher in your area. Visit
www.inner-sanctum.com to learn more and to sign-up for Lisa Guyman’s free newsletter:
“Reach for the Stars: Secrets for Your Mind, Body & Soul.”
Lisa Guyman is a Primordial Sound Meditation Instructor (certified by Deepak Chopra), Life Coach,
Author, Reiki Master. Lisa is available for speaking engagements and for onsite workshops
nationally. She lives in Denver, Colorado.