Art newsThe country's first biennale-Kochi Muziris Biennale will come to a close on Sunday, creating a space for contemporary visual art in the Indian art scene. The event that began on December 12 last year was extended for four days beyond its scheduled date to March 13. The event saw a total of four lakh visitors, with 400-500 foreign tourists on a single day.What set the event apart was that it attracted people from all walks of life. Held in 14 venues in and around fort Kochi and Ernakulam, the biennale has also made significant contributions to the economy as it attracted tourists from India and abroad. Tech NewsNokia India revenues dip 23% in 2012Despite India being second biggest market for Nokia, after China, the company has posted 23 per cent dip in revenue from 2,923 million euros at the end of 2011Telenor: India operations to break even by year-endNorwegian telecom firm Telenor's Indian arm is expected to break-even by the end of this year, a top official of the company has said. Uninor, the Indian arm of Telenor Group, now offers services in six circles UP East, UP West, Bihar,andhra pradesh Gujarat and Maharashtra. It had secured spectrum for these six circles in November auction for around Rs. 4,018 crore.Technology responsible lack of quality sleep: StudyAddictions to technology, early-morning boot camps, more shiftwork and longer commutes are reasons for deterioration in quality sleep, a new study has found. Sports newsIndia beat Australia by 6 wickets to seal seriesNever in their 81-year-old Test history, have India won more than two matches against Australia in a single series. After bowling out Australia for 223 in their second innings, India chased down the target of 133 with 15 balls remaining before close of play in a match which saw a nail-biting finish. India wins world cup!!The 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup was the tenth Cricket world cup. It was played in India, Sri Lanka, and (for the first time) Bangladesh. Pakistan was also scheduled to be a co-host.India won the tournament, defeating Sri Lanka by 6 wickets in the final in Mumbai, thus becoming the first country to win the Cricket World Cup final on home soil.This was the first time in World Cup history that two Asian teams had appeared in final. It was also the first time since the 1992 World Cup that the final match did not feature Australia.Bollywood MasalaFan dies in Baadshah music launch stampedeAs thousands of fans flocked to the venue to get a glimpse of Junior NTR, one of the fans named Rajendra Prasad a.k.a. Raju suffocated to death in stampede. A few others who were injured in the stampede were rushed to a nearby hospital. Ranbir Kapoor plays a game of soccer every week Ranbir Kapoor's love for football is well known. So much so that the actor makes sure he enjoys a game once every week in whichever part of the world he is in. When he is home in Bandra he plays with his neighbours, and when he is out on shoot he engages locals to kick the ball with him. National Awards: Paan Singh Tomar, Irrfan Khan win The 60th National Film Awards have been announced and Irrfan Khan has won Best Actor for his performance as athlete-turned-dacoit in Paan Singh Tomar, which also won Best Hindi Feature Film.Fashion NewsDesigners at Japan Fashion Week target growing Asian marketChinese consumers have become the world's leading buyers of luxury goods and account for one quarter of this market globally with demand growing.The fashion extravaganza showcasing the autumn and winter collections of 2013/14 kicked off at the weekend but Japanese brands took to the stage on Monday. Kate Middleton's passion for fashion began with a Gucci handbag bought for her by an uncle Art news
The country's first biennale-Kochi Muziris Biennale will come to a close on Sunday, creating a space for contemporary visual art in the Indian art scene. The event that began on December 12 last year was extended for four days beyond its scheduled date to March 13. The event saw a total of four lakh visitors, with 400-500 foreign tourists on a single day.
What set the event apart was that it attracted people from all walks of life. Held in 14 venues in and around fort Kochi and Ernakulam, the biennale has also made significant contributions to the economy as it attracted tourists from India and abroad.
 
Tech News
Nokia India revenues dip 23% in 2012
Despite India being second biggest market for Nokia, after China, the company has posted 23 per cent dip in revenue from 2,923 million euros at the end of 2011
Telenor: India operations to break even by year-end
Norwegian telecom firm Telenor's Indian arm is expected to break-even by the end of this year, a top official of the company has said. Uninor, the Indian arm of Telenor Group, now offers services in six circles UP East, UP West, Bihar,andhra pradesh Gujarat and Maharashtra. It had secured spectrum for these six circles in November auction for around Rs. 4,018 crore.
Technology responsible lack of quality sleep: Study
Addictions to technology, early-morning boot camps, more shiftwork and longer commutes are reasons for deterioration in quality sleep, a new study has found. 
Sports news
India beat Australia by 6 wickets to seal series
Never in their 81-year-old Test history, have India won more than two matches against Australia in a single series. After bowling out Australia for 223 in their second innings, India chased down the target of 133 with 15 balls remaining before close of play in a match which saw a nail-biting finish. 
India wins world cup!!
The 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup was the tenth Cricket world cup. It was played in India, Sri Lanka, and (for the first time) Bangladesh. Pakistan was also scheduled to be a co-host.India won the tournament, defeating Sri Lanka by 6 wickets in the final in Mumbai, thus becoming the first country to win the Cricket World Cup final on home soil.This was the first time in World Cup history that two Asian teams had appeared in final. It was also the first time since the 1992 World Cup that the final match did not feature Australia.
Bollywood Masala
Fan dies in Baadshah music launch stampede
As thousands of fans flocked to the venue to get a glimpse of Junior NTR, one of the fans named Rajendra Prasad a.k.a. Raju suffocated to death in stampede. A few others who were injured in the stampede were rushed to a nearby hospital. 

Ranbir Kapoor plays a game of soccer every week 
Ranbir Kapoor's love for football is well known. So much so that the actor makes sure he enjoys a game once every week in whichever part of the world he is in.

When he is home in Bandra he plays with his neighbours, and when he is out on shoot he engages locals to kick the ball with him.

National Awards: Paan Singh Tomar, Irrfan Khan win 
The 60th National Film Awards have been announced and Irrfan Khan has won Best Actor for his performance as athlete-turned-dacoit in Paan Singh Tomar, which also won Best Hindi Feature Film.
Fashion News
Designers at Japan Fashion Week target growing Asian market
Chinese consumers have become the world's leading buyers of luxury goods and account for one quarter of this market globally with demand growing.The fashion extravaganza showcasing the autumn and winter collections of 2013/14 kicked off at the weekend but Japanese brands took to the stage on Monday.
  
Kate Middleton's passion for fashion began with a Gucci handbag bought for her by an uncle 

Kate is well-known for her stylish outfits and has been lauded for mixing high street fashion with high-end clothes.She is brilliant at whatever she turns her hand to, but works at it, throwing herself into everything. Gary Goldsmith, the younger brother of the Duchess' mum Carole, bought her the expensive accessory when she was a girl.
And he revealed that before she went to St Andrews University she was a tomboy and not that keen on fashion.
Samsung's fashion faux pas: Technology giant accidentally leaks news that Kate Upton will cover U.S. Vogue for first time in June
Vogue managed to keep Michelle Obama's April cover top secret for months; but just days after its release, Samsung has leaked news that Kate Upton will star on the magazine's June cover.

The Sport’s Illustrated Swimsuit Edition cover girl will be in New York to promote Samsung’s Spring TV launch next week, and the company sent a press release that uncovered the confidential news.
'Kate Upton can chat about her upcoming Vogue cover in June.
Kate Middleton suffers fashion mishap at parade
 Kate Middletone her favourite emerald green dress coat for her appearance at the annual St Patrick's parade.Standing close to husband Prince William, the pair looked very happy to be at the event as she showed off her growing baby bump. 

The Duchess wrapped up warm as she matched her Emilia Wickstead coat - which she wore for the same parade last year - with a formal black dress, black hat and thick tights.

But despite looking fabulous, Kate suffered a style fail as her high heel got caught in a drain.

Taking the problem on the chin, both her and husband Will found the whole scenario very amusing as Kate leaned to retrieve her shoe.

William - who looked equally as smart in his ceremonial dress - watched on proudly as his wife presented the traditional sprigs of shamrocks to officers and guardsmen.

Kate was even able to present her other half with the honour himself.
Kate Middleton Re-Wears Her Emilia Wickstead Coat For St Patrick's Day And Says She'd Like A Boy - But William Would Like A Girl!
It may have been an official engagement, but Kate certainly let her guard down as she chatted to soldiers from the 1st Battalion Irish Guards. Guardsman Lee Wheeler, 29, revealed how the Duchess confessed her desire to have a baby boy, despite William's wish for a girl. He explained: 'I asked her "do you know if it’s a girl or boy", and she said "not yet". She said "I’d like to have a boy and William would like a girl". That’s always the way.'
Michelle Obama's Fashion Parade
That could describe First Lady Michelle Obama’s wardrobe for the Inaugural Weekend festivities, which she capped by stepping out at the two inaugural balls Monday night in a custom gown by the designer she catapulted to fame four years ago: Wu. She accessorized it with a handmade diamond ring by Kimberly McDonald and shoes by Jimmy Choo.

Of his second stint in the inaugural ball spotlight, an ecstatic Wu told WWD he was as shocked as anyone and just as nervous as last time. “Mrs. Obama likes to keep her secrets. She surprised me again. She’s really good at it,” he said. “I was so nervous. You’d think I wouldn’t be since I’d experienced it before but I really was.”Unlike four years ago when he had three employees and was home with a friend eating pizza, this time around Wu was surrounded with his team of 30 in his airy downtown design studio. “I was just elated. It’s hard to describe,” he said.

The ruby-red custom woven faille coupé gown has a white gold ring with pavé diamonds at the collarbone thanks to McDonald. Wu said of the gown, which will be donated to the National Archives, “Like last time, I had to go with my gut. I instinctively had to think of the woman in the dress. After four years in office, I thought the country was ready to see a confident First Lady in red. It just felt right.”

 
