Nitish Kumar meets PM,Chidamabaram
 and Montek


A day after addressing a massive rally at the Ramlila Ground here for demanding special status for Bihar, Chief Minister Nitish Kumar met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday. 
Earlier in the day, the Bihar Chief Minister also met Finance Minister P Chidambaram and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh. 


 



Nitish Kumar would also attend a Bihar festival around 1 pm on Monday. Addressing a huge gathering at 'Adhikar Rally' yesterday, Kumar suggested that his support would be crucial for formation of next government at the Centre and JD(U), which is part of BJP-led NDA, was not averse to exploring other tie-ups. 


Italy Forces India to see a light of reason
All indications are that this is going to be a recurring phenomenon in Indian politics in the coalition era. Agitational politics comes handy, in particular, when a crucial parliamentary election looms ahead, which is the case now. Any, every issue holds the potential to be exploited for electoral advantage. How this charade is going to play out and how the Indian political class finally acquires the maturity to rise above theatrical antics remains to be seen. Well, now all that is history. The birds are coming to roost. What is to be done? The least that can be said is that the government should not again falter under the rabble rousing by motivated political parties. It should have the gumption to take a nonchalant attitude toward the theatrics that lies ahead and deal with the impasse calmly and with great foresight keeping in view the long-term national interests.  


Tainted twosome


From Narendra Modi to Mahinda Rajapaksa, the politics of South Asia is entering a new phase, with both leaders openly dismissing the need to treat all their citizens with the same sense of justice and compassion that they have afforded others. The fact remains that both Modi and Rajapaksa remain unrepentant, both insisting that their electoral majorities have apparently given them the absolute right to deal with their subjects in the manner they deem fit. There is no space here for disagreement or dissent.


Women leaders scale records in piloting
 political parties


Women leaders across the political spectrum are on a roll as they scale records in piloting their parties. 

Ahead of the next Lok Sabha Elections due in 2014, Sonia gandhi has just created a record 15 years at the helm unparalleled in the 127-year history of Congress, the oldest political party in the country. 

Jayalalithaa has already celebrated silver jubilee as head of the AIADMK of which she became general secretary way back in 1987 after the demise of actor-turned politician M G Ramachandran. 

Mayawati too will complete 25 years of her electoral career next year, coinciding with the emergence of the BSP on the national scene. 

Mamata Banerjee of the Trinamool Congress is no pushover either. 

She has also completed 15 years as head of her party after parting ways with the Congress then led by late Sitaram Kesari. 


In the next few months, Sheila Dikshit will complete 15 years as Delhi chief minister, a unique feat for a woman leader in independent India.


Will quit politics if opposition can prove
 corruption charges: Gehlot


Chief minister AshokGehlot on Sunday said he would quit politics if the opposition is able to prove the corruption charges leveled against him.

Interacting with journalists during his visit here, Gehlot said the opposition has leveled unfounded corruption charges against him as a poll plank for the upcoming assembly elections.
In a first, Pak parliament lasts full 5-year
 term


Breaking a jinx, Pakistani politics has achieved a major milestone with the National Assembly completing its full term for the first time, even as the country's leadership continue to be divided on the issue of choosing a caretaker premier to oversee polls. 

The National Assembly or lower house of parliament completed its constitutional five-year term on Saturday and the cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf stood dissolved at midnight, marking the first time an elected set-up has not been removed by the military or other political forces. 


Obama' visit: Embrace the victory of
 politics over substance


Despite the characteristic sense of entitlement conveyed by many in the Israeli elite in advance of Barack Obama’s first presidential visit: “You finally made it, what took you so long?” the must-go-to-Israel clause in the U.S. presidential contract is of surprisingly recent vintage. 


Next week marks the ninth visit by a sitting U.S .President. But half of those previous eight trips were notched-up by Bill Clinton alone, and another two by George W. Bush in his very last year in office (yes, he waited eight years to say "Hi" in person).  The nature of this Obama visit, most closely resembling the second Bush trip of May 2008, should tell us something about the changing contours of the U.S.-Israel relationship. 


 

 

Obama Nominates Justice Aide for Labor
 Post


