Research and testing using animalsThe development of drugs and medical technologies that help to reduce suffering among humans and animals depends on the carefully regulated use of animals for research.We respect the fact that people have strong ethical objections to the use of animals in scientific procedures. We have legislated so experimentation is only permitted when there is no alternative research technique and the expected benefits outweigh any possible adverse effects.Researchers Explore Smartphone Technology for Mobile Motion Capture of Ergonomics DataErgonomics continues to play an important role in the poultry industry’s ongoing efforts to improve worker safety and health. While the industry has made significant gains in worker safety over the years, it is vital that researchers continue to develop tools and instruments specifically for poultry processing-related tasks and environments. Ergonomists use survey instruments to evaluate human movement; however, these qualitative instruments may not correlate with quantitative measurements because of human subjectivity. The literature recommends that workers be assessed by combining qualitative and quantitative instruments to obtain a comprehensive view of their motion and posture. Traditional motion capture systems are ill suited as quantitative instruments in poultry processing environments due to hardware and calibration constraints, size and portability, and the expertise required to use them. In-plant motion tracking systems should be user-friendly, self-contained, portable, unobtrusive, and not interfere with or be degraded by plant machinery or processes. Could Advanced Robotics Techniques Lead the Way to the Next Generation of Poultry Processing?The poultry industry relies heavily on fixed automation as well as specialized robotics and perception techniques, implemented in a step-by-step “perception then manipulation” process. For many tasks, especially those involving rigid materials (package sorting and stacking) or static objects (chicken breast water jet portioning) this works well and is very efficient. However, for tasks that involve deformable product that must be manipulated (gripped, pulled, flipped, cut, etc.), this fixed “perception then manipulation” process is no longer valid. This is because the manipulation itself changes the object in real-time, invalidating prior perception measurements.Fixed automation and current robotics techniques result in loss of accuracy, precision, and yield. For example, consider gripping, flipping, or cutting tasks. Imagine taking a single look at the object, closing your eyes, and performing the tasks without further perception; this is similar to conventional step-by-step automation. In contrast, a human worker has no difficulty continuing to sense the object during manipulation. CIT Refreshes Commonwealth Research and Technology Strategic Roadmaphe R&T Roadmap is developed with input from industry, government and university researchers, and economic development experts and was first published in October 2011. It is a comprehensive planning tool used to identify research areas worthy of economic development and institutional focus in Virginia. R&T areas include: advanced manufacturing, aerospace, communications, cyber security, energy, environment, information technology, life sciences, modeling & simulation, nuclear physics and transportation. These strategic areas represent those with commercial promise and strength within Virginia and help to guide and prioritize Commonwealth investments for research initiatives.vegetables play a major role in Indian agriculture by providing food, nutritional and economic security and more importantly, producing higher returns per unit area. In addition, vegetables have higher productivity, shorter maturity cycle, are high in value and provide greater income leading to improved livelihoods.  Vegetable research was given impetus through establishment of AICRP on vegetable crops during 1971 at IARI, New Delhi with the responsibilities of coordinating and monitoring of vegetable research programmes of the country. To give a fillip to the research and to meet the challenges of nutritional security, the status of AICRP on vegetable crops was elevated to the level of Project Directorate of Vegetable Research (PDVR) during 1986 with its headquarter at IARI, New Delhi.Telecom and Mobile ResearchThere has been a tremendous growth in the penetration of the mobile phones in the recent years. Moreover, there has been significant progress in the computing power, memory, display and other features of mobile phones. Telecommunication Research and Innovation Center (TRIC) at IBM Research - India focuses on this exciting area of mobile computing and challenges of the Telecommunication industry with the goal of creating innovative solutions and platforms. Researchers in TRIC collaborate extensively with other IBM business units, telecom service providers as well as academia. Focused on promoting advanced telecommunications and mobile solutions and infrastructure development, TRIC currently conducts research in following key areas:Enabling IT for Emerging Economies utilizing the Mobile PlatformTelecom and Mobile Analytics Telecom Infrastructure and MiddlewareMobile Application Development Environments and Delivery PlatformsEnterprise MobilityContext-aware ServicesMachine to MachineMobile enabled Industry Solutions (such as Retail, Mobile Money, etc.)Information Management at IBM The Information Management group at IBM Research – India is focused on developing next-generation technologies in various areas such as advanced business intelligence and insight generation, context-oriented information integration, and extraction of semantic knowledge from unstructured data. These technologies are driven by IBM Research's goal of building intelligent solutions and services to address business problems in various industrial sectors, including financial, telecommunication, retail, and healthcare, among others. We bring together the capabilities of information integration and data analytics to build next-generation integrated enterprise information management systems. This would encompass techniques for context extraction at the time of data upload and building new interfaces for on-demand access to information by enhanced business driven search and dynamic faceted browsing. We are also exploring the value of incorporating text data in various predictive analytic models for customer lifetime value (CLV), churn prediction, and targeted marketing.Countdown on for India's 101th space mission Monday"The countdown is smooth and is normal. The fuelling of second stage of the four-stage rocket will begin tonight (Sunday) and will get over tomorrow (Monday) morning," an official of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), preferring anonymity, told IANS. President Pranab Mukherjee is slated to witness the launch of the first of the 10 space missions planned by the ISRO in 2013. Improved navigation in airports with ISRO helpResearch and testing using animals
The development of drugs and medical technologies that help to reduce suffering among humans and animals depends on the carefully regulated use of animals for research.
We respect the fact that people have strong ethical objections to the use of animals in scientific procedures. We have legislated so experimentation is only permitted when there is no alternative research technique and the expected benefits outweigh any possible adverse effects.
Researchers Explore Smartphone Technology for Mobile Motion Capture of Ergonomics Data
Ergonomics continues to play an important role in the poultry industry’s ongoing efforts to improve worker safety and health. While the industry has made significant gains in worker safety over the years, it is vital that researchers continue to develop tools and instruments specifically for poultry processing-related tasks and environments. 
Ergonomists use survey instruments to evaluate human movement; however, these qualitative instruments may not correlate with quantitative measurements because of human subjectivity. The literature recommends that workers be assessed by combining qualitative and quantitative instruments to obtain a comprehensive view of their motion and posture. Traditional motion capture systems are ill suited as quantitative instruments in poultry processing environments due to hardware and calibration constraints, size and portability, and the expertise required to use them. In-plant motion tracking systems should be user-friendly, self-contained, portable, unobtrusive, and not interfere with or be degraded by plant machinery or processes. 
Could Advanced Robotics Techniques Lead the Way to the Next Generation of Poultry Processing?
The poultry industry relies heavily on fixed automation as well as specialized robotics and perception techniques, implemented in a step-by-step “perception then manipulation” process. For many tasks, especially those involving rigid materials (package sorting and stacking) or static objects (chicken breast water jet portioning) this works well and is very efficient. However, for tasks that involve deformable product that must be manipulated (gripped, pulled, flipped, cut, etc.), this fixed “perception then manipulation” process is no longer valid. This is because the manipulation itself changes the object in real-time, invalidating prior perception measurements.
Fixed automation and current robotics techniques result in loss of accuracy, precision, and yield. For example, consider gripping, flipping, or cutting tasks. Imagine taking a single look at the object, closing your eyes, and performing the tasks without further perception; this is similar to conventional step-by-step automation. In contrast, a human worker has no difficulty continuing to sense the object during manipulation. 
CIT Refreshes Commonwealth Research and Technology Strategic Roadmap
he R&T Roadmap is developed with input from industry, government and university researchers, and economic development experts and was first published in October 2011. It is a comprehensive planning tool used to identify research areas worthy of economic development and institutional focus in Virginia. R&T areas include: advanced manufacturing, aerospace, communications, cyber security, energy, environment, information technology, life sciences, modeling & simulation, nuclear physics and transportation. These strategic areas represent those with commercial promise and strength within Virginia and help to guide and prioritize Commonwealth investments for research initiatives.

vegetables play a major role in Indian agriculture by providing food, nutritional and economic security and more importantly, producing higher returns per unit area. In addition, vegetables have higher productivity, shorter maturity cycle, are high in value and provide greater income leading to improved livelihoods.  
Vegetable research was given impetus through establishment of AICRP on vegetable crops during 1971 at IARI, New Delhi with the responsibilities of coordinating and monitoring of vegetable research programmes of the country. To give a fillip to the research and to meet the challenges of nutritional security, the status of AICRP on vegetable crops was elevated to the level of Project Directorate of Vegetable Research (PDVR) during 1986 with its headquarter at IARI, New Delhi.
Telecom and Mobile Research
There has been a tremendous growth in the penetration of the mobile phones in the recent years. Moreover, there has been significant progress in the computing power, memory, display and other features of mobile phones. Telecommunication Research and Innovation Center (TRIC) at IBM Research - India focuses on this exciting area of mobile computing and challenges of the Telecommunication industry with the goal of creating innovative solutions and platforms. Researchers in TRIC collaborate extensively with other IBM business units, telecom service providers as well as academia. 
Focused on promoting advanced telecommunications and mobile solutions and infrastructure development, TRIC currently conducts research in following key areas:
Enabling IT for Emerging Economies utilizing the Mobile PlatformTelecom and Mobile Analytics Telecom Infrastructure and MiddlewareMobile Application Development Environments and Delivery PlatformsEnterprise MobilityContext-aware ServicesMachine to MachineMobile enabled Industry Solutions (such as Retail, Mobile Money, etc.)Information Management at IBM
 
The Information Management group at IBM Research – India is focused on developing next-generation technologies in various areas such as advanced business intelligence and insight generation, context-oriented information integration, and extraction of semantic knowledge from unstructured data. These technologies are driven by IBM Research's goal of building intelligent solutions and services to address business problems in various industrial sectors, including financial, telecommunication, retail, and healthcare, among others. 
We bring together the capabilities of information integration and data analytics to build next-generation integrated enterprise information management systems. This would encompass techniques for context extraction at the time of data upload and building new interfaces for on-demand access to information by enhanced business driven search and dynamic faceted browsing. We are also exploring the value of incorporating text data in various predictive analytic models for customer lifetime value (CLV), churn prediction, and targeted marketing.
Countdown on for India's 101th space mission Monday
"The countdown is smooth and is normal. The fuelling of second stage of the four-stage rocket will begin tonight (Sunday) and will get over tomorrow (Monday) morning," an official of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), preferring anonymity, told IANS. 

President Pranab Mukherjee is slated to witness the launch of the first of the 10 space missions planned by the ISRO in 2013. 
Improved navigation in airports with ISRO help

Navigational facilities in Indian airports are being improved in collaboration with ISRO, Civil Aviation Secretary K N Srivastava said on Sunday. 
"We are currently working to improve the navigational facilities in the airports of the country in collaboration with ISRO. The work has already started in several airports," Srivastava said at the inauguration of the new integrated terminal of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport here. 
