Pluto may have 10 more undiscovered moonsPluto’s orbit may host a formation of 10 or more tiny undiscovered moons, which would each measure just 1 to 3 kilometres across, astronomers say.This preliminary finding could make life even more difficult for the team planning NASA’s New Horizons mission, which is slated to take the first-ever up-close look at the Pluto system in July 2015.After Pluto’s fifth known moon, a small satellite known as P5, was discovered last year, officials said they may need to redraw the spacecraft’s path to avoid such obstacles.Scientists deliberate on new science policyTop minds from science and research institutes across Bangalore met here on Friday to brainstorm on and discuss the Science, Technology and Innovation Policy 2013, which was released by the Prime Minister earlier this year. Scientists from fields ranging from life sciences to theoretical physics spoke about the new policy, flagging issues and sectors that they thought deserved more attention in the policy document. They called for increased focus on science education, innovation that can improve the quality of life of the vast Indian population and reforms to improve the quality of research. The workshop is a first in the series of workshops being organised by the Department of Science and Technology and the Indian Academy of Sciences. Taking a sharp look at the state of science institutes, and the research culture therein, K. VijayRaghavan, Director of the National Centre for Biological Studies, said that the problem ahead was not that of inadequate policy articulation, but that of “getting everyone together to implement” what is laid down. The “vortex of limiting resources, processes and regulation” all present a pessimistic picture, he noted. In a sharp criticism of the “fragility” of science institutions, he said that while “the agencies of modern science are far from India, Indian science continues to suffers from a “frog-in-the-well” syndrome. Pluto may have 10 more undiscovered moons
Pluto’s orbit may host a formation of 10 or more tiny undiscovered moons, which would each measure just 1 to 3 kilometres across, astronomers say.
This preliminary finding could make life even more difficult for the team planning NASA’s New Horizons mission, which is slated to take the first-ever up-close look at the Pluto system in July 2015.
After Pluto’s fifth known moon, a small satellite known as P5, was discovered last year, officials said they may need to redraw the spacecraft’s path to avoid such obstacles.
Scientists deliberate on new science policy
Top minds from science and research institutes across Bangalore met here on Friday to brainstorm on and discuss the Science, Technology and Innovation Policy 2013, which was released by the Prime Minister earlier this year. 
Scientists from fields ranging from life sciences to theoretical physics spoke about the new policy, flagging issues and sectors that they thought deserved more attention in the policy document. They called for increased focus on science education, innovation that can improve the quality of life of the vast Indian population and reforms to improve the quality of research. The workshop is a first in the series of workshops being organised by the Department of Science and Technology and the Indian Academy of Sciences. 
Taking a sharp look at the state of science institutes, and the research culture therein, K. VijayRaghavan, Director of the National Centre for Biological Studies, said that the problem ahead was not that of inadequate policy articulation, but that of “getting everyone together to implement” what is laid down. 
The “vortex of limiting resources, processes and regulation” all present a pessimistic picture, he noted. In a sharp criticism of the “fragility” of science institutions, he said that while “the agencies of modern science are far from India, Indian science continues to suffers from a “frog-in-the-well” syndrome. 
3D Biomatrix Announces Stipend to Present at Spring 2013 Conferences 
Perfecta3D Hanging Drop Plates allow life science researchers to work in an environment that simulates the three dimensions of the human body more closely than existing flat, two-dimensional (2D) cell culture techniques, such as the Petri dish. With one spheroid per well, the plates facilitate the formation, culture, and testing of 3D spheroids and stem cell aggregates, including embryoid bodies, in a standard 96- or 384-well plate format without the aid of coatings or matrices. They are easy to use, and cell growth can be monitored regularly. Media and compounds can be added or removed from the top of the plate without requiring new equipment, and cells can be added for co-cultures. 
“Our 3D plates continue to be successfully used for work in cancer models, vascularization research, and immunology,” stated 3D Biomatrix CEO Laura Schrader. “We are proud to support these researchers by helping them present their exciting new data in these important research areas.”
iPad Bluetooth Keyboard Portfolio Help Schools with Large Scale Deployments 
Kids can be rough with their toys, and that can cause a problem for schools deploying iPads in the classroom. Recent reports show that up to 15% of iPads are damaged within the first 2 weeks if not used in a protective case. Most of the damage is due to accidental dropping, leaving bent corners, scratched sides, and most commonly, broken screens.
Some schools are dealing with the problems by purchasing a protection plan from Apple, or purchasing cases for their iPads, or both. To ensure the deployment goes smoothly and minimize delays and administrative burdens, the best practice proved to be using a well padded case that protects the iPad no matter what happens.
And as the iPad gains popularity among schools’ technology deployments, some teachers are raising concerns about the virtual keyboards.
Healthyware.com Announces New Fish Oil Extract
Healthyware.com is pleased to announce the launch of their all new Fish Oil Extract, which was voted best in its category, by LeanHealth readers. This revolutionary high quality fish oil extract, is made in the USA, with extremely high quality standards. 
Many Americans have now tried this amazing fish oil extract, with amazing results, that Healthyware.com is pleased to reveal to the public.
Keys to Mars Wellness Program Success Highlighted by Health Enhancement Systems
Strategic Planning for Success
The wellness staff take a 3-pronged approach to achieve their corporate objective: “Create a sustainable culture of well-being throughout the company.”
Provide best-in-class wellness programs for associates (and spouses)Partner with worksites to develop healthy work environmentsEnsure leadership representation in all aspects of operation.  
