NASE is a voluntary, non political, non profit organization established to function as an industry body for Social Enterprises.Some of its functions are to:Facilitate growth of profit oriented / commercial social enterprises involved in delivering services to the under-servedDevelop values based corporate governance and practices for such social enterprises to follow and roll out an accreditation system to be followed by social enterprises across the countryCreate a platform for such social enterprises to leverage each others’ strengths, to scale and sustain their core activities through a network of advisors and mentors, and where relevant to facilitate providing shared / common services to members, to be used at their optionSet up innovations’ funds / grants, to create avenues for funding options, liaison with Government and other bodies to influence favourable regulatory environment and incentives for the social enterprises and creating awareness in society, media, political and investment communitiesPromote research and encourage other efforts designed to provide data, information and perspectives regarding functioning of social enterprisesFunction as a data bank on education and to establish Information and counselling centresEstablish Chairs in selected Indian and foreign Universities for furthering the cause of Social Enterprises and enhancing awareness.Undertake preparation and publication of materials including journals and other periodicals and preparation and dissemination of such material for mass media and other appropriate foraConduct education and training in the social enterprise space by building up and mobilizing skilled and quality human resources including post-graduate and research oriented training to facilitate at premier institutions and enhancing employability potentialPromote presence of such social enterprises spheres such as health, water and sanitation, education and skills development, environment and energy, agricultural / rural markets, employment / livelihood, low cost housing etc.Street plays for social awarenessWhen the nation is mired in controversies and the society is battling one predicament after another, here are few theatre activists who have taken up the noble cause of the welfare of society. A case in point being Aware, a group of young lawyers in the city, who have been performing street plays on a regular basis with the intention of spreading awareness about the need for change in the society among people."Social change in Modern India" PROFESSOR M N Srinivas was invited to deliver the Tagore Lectures for the academic year 1962- 63 at the University of California, Berkeley. He chose "Social change in Modern India" as his theme and delivered three lectures on it in May 1963. Srinivas' theme is the subject of experience of every Indian. Change is disapproved by some, approved by some others with the reservation that it should be at a slower pace; some others want more of it and more rapidly As a social scientist Srinivas takes the position of a detached observer and looks at change through the glasses of a sociologist or a social anthropologist, as he prefers to call himself. He attempts to answer the questions "what is the direction of change in modern India", "what is the orientation of this change?" and "what are the sources of this orientation?" Opposing Pulls On Indian society one pull is that of India's living past and the other that of contemporary western society. But social change is not just a matter of addition and subtraction and the opposing pulls do not produce a neat pattern. Social networking service NASE is a voluntary, non political, non profit organization established to function as an industry body for Social Enterprises.
Some of its functions are to:
Facilitate growth of profit oriented / commercial social enterprises involved in delivering services to the under-served
Develop values based corporate governance and practices for such social enterprises to follow and roll out an accreditation system to be followed by social enterprises across the countryCreate a platform for such social enterprises to leverage each others’ strengths, to scale and sustain their core activities through a network of advisors and mentors, and where relevant to facilitate providing shared / common services to members, to be used at their option
Set up innovations’ funds / grants, to create avenues for funding options, liaison with Government and other bodies to influence favourable regulatory environment and incentives for the social enterprises and creating awareness in society, media, political and investment communities
Promote research and encourage other efforts designed to provide data, information and perspectives regarding functioning of social enterprises
Function as a data bank on education and to establish Information and counselling centres
Establish Chairs in selected Indian and foreign Universities for furthering the cause of Social Enterprises and enhancing awareness.
Undertake preparation and publication of materials including journals and other periodicals and preparation and dissemination of such material for mass media and other appropriate fora
Conduct education and training in the social enterprise space by building up and mobilizing skilled and quality human resources including post-graduate and research oriented training to facilitate at premier institutions and enhancing employability potential
Promote presence of such social enterprises spheres such as health, water and sanitation, education and skills development, environment and energy, agricultural / rural markets, employment / livelihood, low cost housing etc.
Street plays for social awareness
When the nation is mired in controversies and the society is battling one predicament after another, here are few theatre activists who have taken up the noble cause of the welfare of society. A case in point being Aware, a group of young lawyers in the city, who have been performing street plays on a regular basis with the intention of spreading awareness about the need for change in the society among people.
"Social change in Modern India"
  PROFESSOR M N Srinivas was invited to deliver the Tagore Lectures for the academic year 1962- 63 at the University of California, Berkeley. He chose "Social change in Modern India" as his theme and delivered three lectures on it in May 1963. Srinivas' theme is the subject of experience of every Indian. Change is disapproved by some, approved by some others with the reservation that it should be at a slower pace; some others want more of it and more rapidly As a social scientist Srinivas takes the position of a detached observer and looks at change through the glasses of a sociologist or a social anthropologist, as he prefers to call himself. He attempts to answer the questions "what is the direction of change in modern India", "what is the orientation of this change?" and "what are the sources of this orientation?" Opposing Pulls On Indian society one pull is that of India's living past and the other that of contemporary western society. But social change is not just a matter of addition and subtraction and the opposing pulls do not produce a neat pattern. 
Social networking service 
A social networking service is an online service, platform, or site that focuses on facilitating the building of social networks or social relations among people who, for example, share interests, activities, backgrounds, or real-life connections. A social network service consists of a representation of each user (often a profile), his/her social links, and a variety of additional services. Most social network services are web- based and provide means for users to interact over the Internet, such as e-mail and instant messaging. Online Community services are sometimes considered as a social network service, though in a broader sense, social network service usually means an individual-centered service whereas Online Community services are group-centered. Social networking sites allow users to share ideas, activities, events, and interests within their individual networks.
Welcome to "Faculty of Social Sciences"
The Faculty of Social Sciences being one of the oldest and distinguished centers of learning has a long lineage of strengthening the academic fabric of the Banaras Hindu University. It has hosted scores of scholars and researchers whose contribution has been recognized and acclaimed world over. In addition to the catering of teaching at the undergraduate and postgraduate levels in the five disciplines of Economics, History, Political Science, Psychology and Sociology, the Faculty has branched out its new direction by setting up new centres in areas such as, women's studies and peace studies along with some of the professional courses to meet the emerging challenges of present day world. Research is also an integral and significant component of the academic activity at the Faculty level and the contribution of some of the teachers has been recognized at the national and international levels. 
