Mickey Arthur deletes Twitter account
Beleaguered Australian cricket coach Mickey Arthur on Tuesday deleted his Twitter account after being continuously ridiculed by fans in the wake of the team’s woeful Test run in India.
“Thanks twitter, has been fun but deleting my account now!Thanks to all the genuine supporters out there,” said Arthur on Twitter, a day after Australia lost the Border-Gavaskar Trophy.
Nadal moves up in ATP rankings
Freshly-crowned Indian Wells champion Rafael Nadal climbed from fifth to fourth in the latest men’s tennis rankings issued on Monday by the ATP. 
Nadal, who beat Argentine Juan Martin del Potro in the final of the Masters event in California last Sunday, has 6,745 points as he moved ahead of fellow Spaniard David Ferrer. Nadal is making a comeback after a seven-month layoff because of a virus and knee problems. 
Watson to return to India tour after 1-test ban
Australia vice-captain Shane Watson will return to India on Monday after serving a controversial one-test ban.
Watson left the tour last week only hours after he and three teammates were suspended for a match for failing to submit self-critiques to Australia coach Mickey Arthur by a set deadline.
At the time, he said he was flying home to be with his pregnant wife before the birth of their first child and needed to consider his cricket future.
The timing of the exit eventually proved to be fortuitous for Watson as his son, Will, was born last Thursday.
Shocked Australian team in a crisis 
Few days pass when there is not an unusual story in cricket but there has rarely been one so odd as the tale that emerged from the Australian dressing room this week. 
It had lost two Tests in a row in India, the coach Mickey Arthur set it a task to explain why it was performing so badly, and four players failed to respond to this request — including the vice-captain Shane Watson who promptly went home, as planned, to be with his pregnant wife. 
Maybe Cricket Australia is waiting for the tour to finish lest it causes more havoc in a side already at its lowest level in years. Not much sign of leadership in a crisis but I guess it is in shock too. 
Dhawan threw cautions to the wind: Sidhu
Former India batsman Navjot Singh Sidhu on Saturday heaped praise on Shikhar Dhawan for scoring the fastest Test century on debut and said it was a healthy sign that new brand of cricketers were emerging, which would take Indian cricket to glorious heights.
“This is a sign of new brand of cricketers which is emerging. Cheteshwar Pujara, who is solid as a rock, the other Murali Vijay, who is like a volcano and this guy Dhawan, he is a hurricane. They sure are going to take our cricket to glorious heights,” Sidhu told PTI in Mohali.
Sidhu said the sensational knock played by the dashing batsman from Delhi shows the character of the man.
India seals series with a six-wicket win
It may be time for Australia to introspect the rapid fall in standards when playing overseas and the right phase for India to reflect on the three Test triumphs that helped the home team regain the Border-Gavaskar Trophy, following a convincing show at the PCA Stadium here, on Monday. 
That Australia has failed to stir up its famed resilience has obviously been the key factor in India dominating the series thus far. India, in amiable conditions against an opposition not at its best — depleted and collectively out of form — was expected to swat the opponents and it did, raising visions of a clean sweep with the last Test scheduled to begin at Delhi from Friday. 
Indo-Pak hockey series cancellation fine for boys: Nobbs
India hockey coach Michael Nobbs today said he was looking forward to the upcoming home-and-away bilateral hockey series against Pakistan but now that the Indian government has decided to call it off, he was left with a mixed feeling.
The Indian government on Friday called off the bilateral hockey series on security grounds, and while Nobbs felt that the 10-match series could have been postponed and not cancelled, but he insisted it could be good for the boys who already have a tight packed calendar.
“I hoped that the 10-match series on either side of the border will be postponed and not cancelled. The India-Pakistan hockey matches are followed keenly by hockey buffs and I had looked forward to the series,” he said.
“But in a way it would be fine for the boys as they have a tight packed calendar with the World Cup qualifier and the Asia Cup not far away,” Nobbs added.
Need a monitoring system: Sports Authority of India DG
The new Director General of the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Jiji Thomson, on Monday said that the SAI needed to set up a monitoring system to track the campers and coaches at various training centres across the country.
Referring to the case in which boxers Vijender Singh and Ram Singh, who were part of the National camp at NIS Patiala, were embroiled in a drugs controversy, Thomson said he was concerned about the issue.
“I think monitoring is the most important thing. We must come up with a system where we scientifically monitor activities of the players, coaches and our officials,” said Thomson on the sidelines of a felicitation function of various medal winning archers and boxers here.
On Olympic medal winning boxer Vijender seeking extension of leave from the National camp following the drugs scandal, Thomson said, “We have not received any letter from him. If we receive, then whatever is permissible we will provide.”
Saina storms into Swiss Open semis
Ace Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal was on course for her third consecutive Swiss Open title as she stormed into the semifinals of the Grand Prix Gold tournament after thrashing Tzu Ying Tai of Chinese Taipei here. 
The top-seeded Indian outplayed her sixth-seeded opponent 21-11, 21-12 in the quarterfinal match that lasted just 29 minutes. 
Saina now plays fourth seed Shixian Wang of China in the semifinals, whom she had beaten in the final last year and against whom she had a career head-to-head record of 4-1 with the Indian having won the last four encounters between them. 
More turmoil in Indian boxing
The Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) is again in the news for the wrong reasons. 
The IABF has attracted attention for sending a doctor, Dr. Nimolok Singh, along with the boxing team for the Asian youth championship in Subic Bay, the Philippines. After imposing a ban on the Indian boxers following IABF’s suspension, the AIBA had recently allowed the participation of the Indian pugilists in international events on the condition that only the boxers and coaches would be allowed in any competition. 
India is in a ‘pretty’ position, says Murali Vijay
India is in a “pretty” position, according to opener Murali Vijay, and there is nothing to be “worried about” with a day left in the third Test against Australia here. 
“Actually our plan was to bat as long as possible and we just wanted to take a big lead so that we can come back into the Test match and win it hopefully. That was our thinking. Hopefully there are 90 overs left tomorrow. It is getting lower and slower so it is going to be difficult for them to score runs.” 
IOC fixes date for joint meeting between April 11-16
The International Olympic Committee has fixed the dates of the joint meeting with the Indian Olympic Association and Sports Ministry in the second week of next month to find a way towards resolving the issues that led to the country’s ban from the Olympic family. 
IOC formula for breaking deadlock
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has suggested a joint meeting with the suspended Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and a representative of the Union Government in Lausanne to break the deadlock that had ensued following the IOA’s suspension last month.
The IOC had suspended the IOA following the latter’s decision to ignore its directives in going ahead with its elections, and because of government interference in the functioning of the National Olympic Committee (NOC).
OCA clarifies to IOA on age and tenure
The president of the Olympic Council of Asia (OCA), Sheikh Ahmad Al-Fahad Al-Sabah, has written to the acting President of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), clarifying that the member National Olympic Committees, “Have no limitation on the age of its members, nor any limitation on the tenure of its members.’’ 
Prof. Vijay Kumar Malhotra, the acting president of the IOA, had written to the OCA, seeking clarification on the point. 
Nadal withdraws from Sony Open tournament
 
  
Rafael Nadal has withdrawn from the Sony Open starting on Monday in Key Biscayne, Florida to rest his left knee.
“I’m very sorry for the organization of the tournament and I’m very sorry for the fans, but we never thought we’d be able to play all matches possible since I came back,” Nadal said after defeating Juan Martin del Potro in three sets.
“The doctors recommend me to be back home for a few weeks and rest a little bit and keep practicing the right way. I need more power on the left leg quadriceps, so I need to keep working hard. The competition is hard for the body, so after four fantastic weeks I can’t go to Miami. I need to prepare and rest for the next one.
