Wear your technologyThe smartphone is so yesterday. And so is the tablet PC. For a generation that lives on instant gratification, these devices are fast losing their X factor. So what is the next big thing? It could be Google Glass, the weird-looking augmented reality-enabled spectacles that the company hopes to sell by the million once it hits the retail markets later this year. Since last month, the company has been handing over the prototype to top technology blogs for trials and even opened up a window of opportunity for lay users to write to them on why they should be among the first to try it out. Samsung has Apple in its sights with Galaxy launchWith an aura of expectation usually reserved only for shiny new Apple products, Samsung is set to announce its latest smartphone on Thursday in the opening salvo of a new war between the Korean electronics giant and the iconic iPhone manufacturer.While gadget freaks are poring over every new rumour, Michael Gartenberg, research director of Gartner, is a little more sceptical.“The iPhone 5 is considered to be the gold standard for smartphones, so the bar is very high for Samsung at this point,” he told DPA.Closure of Google Reader prompts web stormA decision by Google to close its popular Reader, which allowed users to easily follow updates from around the web, has sparked a storm of criticism by devoted fans of the service.Google announced the move late on Wednesday as part of a “spring-cleaning” strategy pushed by founder and chief executive Larry Page to cull non-essential projects at the web software giant.The company announced a shake up of its top ranks on Wednesday with Android chief Andy Rubin stepping aside in favour of Sundar Pichai, boss of the company’s Chrome browser and operating system. Google broke up its mapping and commerce unit, with executive Jeff Huber moving to research division Google X, which is working on projects like Google Glass and the company’s self-driving cars.Galaxy S4 to take Apple head-onIn the biggest challenge to date to Apple’s smartphone dominance Samsung on Thursday launched the Galaxy S4, touting several features not available on iPhones.The phone will run on Google’s Android operating system, with extra layers of Samsung software, which the South Korean electronics giant hopes will differentiate it from both Apple’s iPhone and numerous Android rivals.Now, a smart phone battery that lasts for weeksA new smart phone with a battery that only needs recharging after several weeks has been developed by researchers.The smart phone made headlines at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona last week where its prototype was unveiled.E Ink, the manufacturer of electronic paper displays, had two prototypes of phones running on the Android operating system, ‘The Australian’ reported.Since the phone draws battery power only when it is redrawing the screen, the battery life on the prototypes was said to last up to a month or several weeks of normal use.The prototypes could be made as a low-cost option for under $200 that would suit people in markets where limited power supply was a greater concern than full smart phone features, Nicholas Carbonnier, of ARMdevices.net, told the blog Laptop.Mozilla rolls out Firefox OSIf you are experiencing fatigue after being in a closed proprietary web ecosystem — like that of Apple’s iOS or Microsoft’s Windows 8 — then the announcement from Mozilla earlier this week could be of interest to you. Advocates of open web standards had much to cheer at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona with the announcement of the first commercial build of the Firefox OS open mobile ecosystem. The first wave of Firefox OS devices are expected to be available worldwide in the coming months. The open web device initiative has already found support with key telecom operators around the world. They made the phones smartHello! Come meet our very own BlackBerry Boys. As RIM (Research In Motion) launches the BlackBerry 10 (BB10), the smartphone from its stable, in Mumbai today, we in the city have much reason to cheer. It is a proud moment for students and engineers working in the tech-business incubators at the Startup Village in Kalamassery for they have developed more than 200 apps for the BB10World app market. These youngsters are thrilled. With the RideSmart one can switch on the car, control the features like AC, parking lights, central locking, engine start, power windows and many other activities. “It has a futuristic scope of even controlling your car via the smartphone,” says Arvind. The app needs a small hardware module to be fitted in the car.IIIT-A curbs Facebook use, for nowThe Indian Institute of Information Technology-Allahabad (IIIT-A), a premier institute funded by the centre, has barred its students and staff from accessing social networking site Facebook. The move was taken after the institute received complaints against some students who were using the popular social networking site to threaten and abuse other students, faculty members and the administration. Also, warning the students against maintaining blogs, the administration has asked them not to post offensive material as it violated the institute's code of conduct. Facebook changes leading users to reveal more: study If you suddenly feel the urge to share more on Facebook, it may have something to do with the latest policy changes on the social networking site. According to a new study, Facebook changes led users to reveal more. The seven-year study by Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) researchers said users had been moving toward greater privacy settings from 2005 to 2009, but that the trend reversed with the Facebook changes in 2009 and 2010. The study found evidence of three contrasting trends in the amount of information Facebook users disclosed over time: decreasing public disclosures; abrupt changes in disclosure due to interface and policy changes; and increasing private disclosures, Providence Journal reported. The browser kingdomOnce upon a time, animals — of the herbivorous kind — were happy grazing the land and eating health food. But once man got into the act, grass and herbs became scarce in the plains. The grazers soon had to set their sights higher — literally — and began scouting for taller plants so that they could nibble at their leaves. This practice of checking out various sites for food came to be known as browsing and the animals that indulged in browsing were collectively called browsers. Ancient records suggest that have been classified into five types, based on their behaviour. Just a click awayWear your technology
The smartphone is so yesterday. And so is the tablet PC. For a generation that lives on instant gratification, these devices are fast losing their X factor. 
So what is the next big thing? 
It could be Google Glass, the weird-looking augmented reality-enabled spectacles that the company hopes to sell by the million once it hits the retail markets later this year. Since last month, the company has been handing over the prototype to top technology blogs for trials and even opened up a window of opportunity for lay users to write to them on why they should be among the first to try it out. 
Samsung has Apple in its sights with Galaxy launch
With an aura of expectation usually reserved only for shiny new Apple products, Samsung is set to announce its latest smartphone on Thursday in the opening salvo of a new war between the Korean electronics giant and the iconic iPhone manufacturer.
While gadget freaks are poring over every new rumour, Michael Gartenberg, research director of Gartner, is a little more sceptical.
“The iPhone 5 is considered to be the gold standard for smartphones, so the bar is very high for Samsung at this point,” he told DPA.
Closure of Google Reader prompts web storm
A decision by Google to close its popular Reader, which allowed users to easily follow updates from around the web, has sparked a storm of criticism by devoted fans of the service.
Google announced the move late on Wednesday as part of a “spring-cleaning” strategy pushed by founder and chief executive Larry Page to cull non-essential projects at the web software giant.
The company announced a shake up of its top ranks on Wednesday with Android chief Andy Rubin stepping aside in favour of Sundar Pichai, boss of the company’s Chrome browser and operating system. Google broke up its mapping and commerce unit, with executive Jeff Huber moving to research division Google X, which is working on projects like Google Glass and the company’s self-driving cars.
Galaxy S4 to take Apple head-on
In the biggest challenge to date to Apple’s smartphone dominance Samsung on Thursday launched the Galaxy S4, touting several features not available on iPhones.The phone will run on Google’s Android operating system, with extra layers of Samsung software, which the South Korean electronics giant hopes will differentiate it from both Apple’s iPhone and numerous Android rivals.
Now, a smart phone battery that lasts for weeks
A new smart phone with a battery that only needs recharging after several weeks has been developed by researchers.
The smart phone made headlines at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona last week where its prototype was unveiled.
E Ink, the manufacturer of electronic paper displays, had two prototypes of phones running on the Android operating system, ‘The Australian’ reported.
Since the phone draws battery power only when it is redrawing the screen, the battery life on the prototypes was said to last up to a month or several weeks of normal use.
The prototypes could be made as a low-cost option for under $200 that would suit people in markets where limited power supply was a greater concern than full smart phone features, Nicholas Carbonnier, of ARMdevices.net, told the blog Laptop.
Mozilla rolls out Firefox OS
If you are experiencing fatigue after being in a closed proprietary web ecosystem — like that of Apple’s iOS or Microsoft’s Windows 8 — then the announcement from Mozilla earlier this week could be of interest to you. 
Advocates of open web standards had much to cheer at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona with the announcement of the first commercial build of the Firefox OS open mobile ecosystem. The first wave of Firefox OS devices are expected to be available worldwide in the coming months. The open web device initiative has already found support with key telecom operators around the world. 
They made the phones smart
Hello! Come meet our very own BlackBerry Boys. As RIM (Research In Motion) launches the BlackBerry 10 (BB10), the smartphone from its stable, in Mumbai today, we in the city have much reason to cheer. It is a proud moment for students and engineers working in the tech-business incubators at the Startup Village in Kalamassery for they have developed more than 200 apps for the BB10World app market. These youngsters are thrilled.
 

With the RideSmart one can switch on the car, control the features like AC, parking lights, central locking, engine start, power windows and many other activities. “It has a futuristic scope of even controlling your car via the smartphone,” says Arvind. The app needs a small hardware module to be fitted in the car.
IIIT-A curbs Facebook use, for now
The Indian Institute of Information Technology-Allahabad (IIIT-A), a premier institute funded by the centre, has barred its students and staff from accessing social networking site Facebook. 
The move was taken after the institute received complaints against some students who were using the popular social networking site to threaten and abuse other students, faculty members and the administration. 
Also, warning the students against maintaining blogs, the administration has asked them not to post offensive material as it violated the institute's code of conduct. 
Facebook changes leading users to reveal more: study 
If you suddenly feel the urge to share more on Facebook, it may have something to do with the latest policy changes on the social networking site. 
According to a new study, Facebook changes led users to reveal more. 
The seven-year study by Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) researchers said users had been moving toward greater privacy settings from 2005 to 2009, but that the trend reversed with the Facebook changes in 2009 and 2010. 
The study found evidence of three contrasting trends in the amount of information Facebook users disclosed over time: decreasing public disclosures; abrupt changes in disclosure due to interface and policy changes; and increasing private disclosures, Providence Journal reported. 
The browser kingdom
Once upon a time, animals — of the herbivorous kind — were happy grazing the land and eating health food. But once man got into the act, grass and herbs became scarce in the plains. The grazers soon had to set their sights higher — literally — and began scouting for taller plants so that they could nibble at their leaves. This practice of checking out various sites for food came to be known as browsing and the animals that indulged in browsing were collectively called browsers. Ancient records suggest that have been classified into five types, based on their behaviour.
 Just a click away
Young entrepreneurs seem to be the trend in metropolitan India, innovating and launching everything from new magazines and websites to gadgets and designer wear. Lately we’ve seen a rise in teenage entrepreneurs, who have started entirely web-powered business. Using popular e-commerce websites such as E-bay, Junglee, and Etsy, or even social media digital platforms like Facebook, the next generation is taking sales a step forward. 
We found two young girls, Ashwarya Surya (in Chennai and Delhi) and Farah Kazani (in Mumbai), who started jewellery and accessory businesses, with no prior experience, and they rely solely on the web to promote, advertise and sell their products. 
Now, pizza and a latte at your fingertips
Too bored to venture out and eat? Just grab your smartphone, type in your order and the food will be delivered right at your doorstep. 
Yes, throw away that growing pile of leaflets and fliers of assorted takeaways. For, various eateries too have now taken the ‘mobile’ route by launching their own user-friendly applications on smartphones, ushering in a new route to home deliveries. Time was when Bangaloreans checked out websites to order or locate the nearest restaurant. But now, some eateries prefer to cater directly to their customers through a personalised mobile app though the trend is yet to catch up across the sector. 
 
