a state of usually open and declared armed hostile conflict between states or nations (2) : a period of such armed conflict .a struggle or competition between opposing forces or for a particular end <a class war> <a war against disease>Physical utilization is also sometimes referred to as spot utilization, where a rental company looks at its current utilization of assets based on a single moment in time (e.g. now, 9 am today, etc.).cold wara conflict over ideological differences carried on by methods short of sustained overt military action and usually without breaking off diplomatic relations; specifically often capitalized C&W : the ideological conflict between the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics during the second half of the 20th century — compare hotwar.hot wara conflict involving actual fighting civil wara war between opposing groups of citizens of the same countryworld wara war engaged in by all or most of the principal nations of the world; especially capitalized both Ws : either of two such wars of the first half of the 20th century a state of usually open and declared armed hostile conflict between states or nations (2) : a period of such armed conflict .
a struggle or competition between opposing forces or for a particular end <a class war> <a war against disease>
Physical utilization is also sometimes referred to as spot utilization, where a rental company looks at its current utilization of assets based on a single moment in time (e.g. now, 9 am today, etc.). 
cold war
a conflict over ideological differences carried on by methods short of sustained overt military action and usually without breaking off diplomatic relations; specifically often capitalized C&W : the ideological conflict between the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics during the second half of the 20th century — compare hotwar.
hot war
a conflict involving actual fighting 
civil war
a war between opposing groups of citizens of the same country
world war
a war engaged in by all or most of the principal nations of the world; especially capitalized both Ws : either of two such wars of the first half of the 20th century 
Historical Investigation

World War One. 
Between 1914 and 1918, 12 Allied countries (including the British Empire and Russian countries) fought against 5 Central Powers (lead by Germany), in Europe.

World War Two.
Between 1939 and 1945, 6 Allied countries (including Great Britain and the Commonwealth) fought against the 3 countries of Germany, Italy, and Japan plus other smaller nations, in Europe (including Africa) and Asia.

The Persian Gulf War.
In the Middle East in 1991, 44 Coalition Nations fought to remove Iraqi troops from the small country of Kuwait (located on the Persian Gulf).
Of these, 32 nations lead by the United States of America gave direct military aid, with 12 giving other aid.

Statistically, (I) 12 to 5: (II) 6 to 3: (III) 44 to 1, and because it involved many, many nations from around the world compared to the previous two wars, should not the 1991 Persian Gulf War really have been called World War Three?

Another fact to support this assertion is that this was the first war to be watched 'in real time' by a world audience via the world's television networks - it truly was a World-Wide-War, being the third in the 20th century.

India is a unique country as it is easily accessible to other parts of Asia, Africa, Europe and Americas. Its cultural influences have crossed its border from time immemorial and reached far off lands. It acts as a bridge head between developed and developing countries of the world and between the East and the West. India's strength lies in its geography as much as in its culture. Since the opening of the Suez Canal in 1869, distance between India and Europe has been reduced by 7000 kms. India enjoys a favourable ocean routes from East and South-East Asia and Australia to Africa and Europe pass through Indian Ocean. India is connected with the Cape of Good Hope and the Suez Canal. India can also reach Canada and the USA through the Strait of Malacca after crossing the Pacific Ocean.  
The Union of India is the seventh largest country in the world covering an area of 32,87,590 square kilometers and it is an important country of south Asia.
It is 4 times largest than Pakistan which is second largest in South Asia. India is 12 times largest that UK and 8 times largest than Japan.
The southernmost point in Indian Territory, (in Great Nicobar Islands) is the Indira Point (6o45’ ), while Kanyakumari, also known as Cape Comorin, is the southernmost point of Indian mainland. The country thus lies wholly in the northern and eastern hemispheres. The 82o30' E longitude is taken as Standard Time Meridian of India, as it passes through the middle of India (from Naini, near Allahabad.) Hence Naini, Near Allahabad is the Standard Time of India. The country is of a vast size and measures about 3,214 kilometers from north to south and about 2,933 kilometers from west to east. Indian Standard Time:- GMT +05:30Telephone Country Code:- +91   
Ten Times More Hurricane Surges in Future, New Research Predicts
By examining the frequency of extreme storm surges in the past, previous research has shown that there was an increasing tendency for storm hurricane surges when the climate was warmer. But how much worse will it get as temperatures rise in the future? Tropical cyclones arise over warm ocean surfaces with strong evaporation and warming of the air. The typically form in the Atlantic Ocean and move towards the U.S. East Coast and the Gulf of Mexico. If you want to try to calculate the frequency of tropical cyclones in a future with a warmer global climate, researchers have developed various models. One is based on the regional sea temperatures, while another is based on differences between the regional sea temperatures and the average temperatures in the tropical oceans. There is considerable disagreement among researchers about which is best.
"If the temperature rises an additional degree, the frequency will increase by 3-4 times and if the global climate becomes two degrees warmer, there will be about 10 times as many extreme storm surges. This means that there will be a 'Katrina' magnitude storm surge every other year," says Aslak Grinsted and he points out that in addition to there being more extreme storm surges, the sea will also rise due to global warming. As a result, the storm surges will become worse and potentially more destructive.
Artificial Glaciers Water Crops in Indian Highlands
A remote Indian village is responding to global warming-induced water shortages by creating large masses of ice, or "artificial glaciers," to get through the dry spring months. 
Located on the western edge of the Tibetan plateau, the village of Skara in the Ladakh region of India is not a common tourist destination.
"It's pretty, but really remote and difficult to get to," said Amy Higgins, a graduate student at the Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies who worked on the artificial glacier project.
"A lot of people, when I met them in Delhi and I said I was going to Ladakh, they looked at me like I was going to the moon,” said Higgins, who is also a National Geographic grantee.
Significant Contribution of Greenland's Peripheral Glaciers to Sea-Level Rise
Glaciers at the edge of Greenland which are not connected to its huge ice sheet, or can be clearly separated from it, are contributing to sea-level rise much more than previously thought. Scientists from the University of Zurich together with colleagues from Denmark have found that, though these peripheral glaciers make up just 5-7 % of total ice coverage on the land mass, they account for up to 20% of the rise in sea level created by the region's melting.The scientists looked at glaciers which behave independently from the ice sheet, despite having some physical connection to it, and those which are not connected at all.Using lasers which measure the height of the ice from space, and a recently completed inventory of Greenland's glaciers and ice caps, scientists from the European-funded ice2sea programme, were able to determine changes in the mass of those ice bodies, separate from the main ice sheet.
Highly Effective Communities of Bacteria in the World's Deepest Oceanic Trench
An international research team announces the first scientific results from one of the most inaccessible places on Earth: the bottom of the Mariana Trench located nearly 11 kilometers below sea level in the western Pacific, which makes it the deepest site on Earth.
Their analyses document that a highly active bacteria community exists in the sediment of the trench -- even though the environment is under extreme pressure almost 1,100 times higher than at sea level.
In fact, the trench sediments house almost 10 times more bacteria than in the sediments of the surrounding abyssal plain at much shallower water depth of 5-6 km water.

Serious Emotional Disturbances Found Among Children After Katrina
A team made up of mental health professionals, emergency response experts, and researchers from several universities, including Virginia Tech, has published the results of a study that shows serious emotional disturbances among children who were affected by Hurricane Katrina. The Category 3 storm ravaged the Gulf Coast in August 2005."Stress exposure was associated strongly with serious emotional disturbances," said Russell Jones, professor of psychology in the College of Science at Virginia Tech and member of the research team. "More than 20 percent of the youths with high stress exposure had hurricane-related SED."
 
Indian Art is rich in its tapestry of ancient heritage, medieval times, Mughal rule, British rule, Progressive art and now contemporary art. The earliest recorded art of India originated from a religious Hindu background, which was later replaced by a soaring popular Buddhist art. Moreover, from a timeless era art in India has been inspired by spiritualism and mystical relationship between man and god. Art in India had survived in its homeland and spread from time to time all over the world. This was possible because many kings who recognized budding talent patronized art and themselves were great connoisseurs. Each king has left a deep impression of his affinity to the artist community. Until today, art is patronized by the rich and famous in the country.Indian artists relied heavily on religious scriptures to draw inspiration. Since there was no restriction, they flourished under the patronage of rulers. Their art has survived the ravages of time and have a unique place in historical records. Water colors, charcoal, vegetable dyes were popular methods of painting. Fabric painting was extensive and Indian designers still adapt ancient patterns to modern fabrics. The purpose of art in ancient India was not just to adorn the walls. Each painting had a story to narrate. Visually ancient Indian art was colorful, aesthetic and appealing to naked eye. Mostly kings used to commission the artists to paint from inspiration.Stone and marble were also used to create art. Indian sculpture until today remains a mute testimony of the talent that emerged under many different kings.
An artist who is credited with bringing about a momentous turn in the art of India, Raja Ravi Varma inexorably influenced future generations of artists from different streams. He was the first artist to cast the Indian Gods and mythological characters in natural earthy surroundings using a European realism; a depiction adopted not only by the Indian “calendar-art”- spawning ubiquitous images of Gods and Goddesses, but also by literature and later by the Indian film industry- affecting their dress and form even today. His dazzling oil paintings of India’s ancient glory delighted turn-of-the-century India and his mass reproductions through oleography reached out to the Indian populace in an unprecedented scale.Ravi Varma was convinced that mass reproduction of his paintings would initiate millions of Indians to real Art, and in 1894 he set up an oleography press called the Ravi Varma Pictures Depot. 
See profile and artworks of master painters of India. These artists have made a significant contribution to the world of Indian art and its growth. Original artworks can be seen in several museums and important private collections. 

Many foreigners have not understood Indian art because they have no background or knowledge of the religion and symbols. Therefore, they tend to confuse the meaning and misinterpret it. Properly understood Indian Art represents a mystical outlook of the people and a spiritual connection. Now with awareness and different artists using interpretation techniques even ancient art is being appreciated.
IndiaArt supports various initiatives and projects of Art India Foundation which has been working closely with children and schools. The education system in India does not encourage creative thinking by the children. The objective of all the projects and initiatives of Art India  Foundation is to encourage and stimulate the children to think creatively and use various art forms to express themselves. All initiatives of Art India Foundation are powered by Indiaart website.
Children between age group 5 to 15 can submit their artworks and the same will be assessed by a selection committee. A dedicated web page will be created for each selected child and his / her artworks will be showcased on this page. Children will be encouraged to submit newer artworks as well which will be updated from time to time. There is no entry fee for participation.The idea is to enable the children experience an interaction with thinkers, intellectuals, artists, scientists and other such personalities who have the ability to capture the imagination of the children and introduce them to a fascinating world of ideas. Such interactions have the power to open up the children's mind to a thought process and inspiration which is hard to come by in the day to day academic life which is so examination oriented.


Mughal Art Influence 

When the Mughals made India their home, they bought the Persian influence in their artwork. Miniatures of the Mughal period speak of a different art form altogether. Widely accepted by the people, art from this period represent the importance of the king. Muslim kingdoms flourished until the British entered India. 

Marble was used extensively to produce sculpture and the Taj Mahal is a living example of the glorious era. Now understood to be one of the wonders of the ancient world, along with the Egyptian pyramids it is the only surviving ancient monument in the world.
Rajputana Art

Mostly men were painting during this period (roughly around the 16th Century). The artists worked on the belief that nature is sacred and they painted trees, animals and people all in harmony to one another. Lord Krishna is depicted in many Rajputana paintings. The Vaishnava group in their art stressed the relationship of humans with the Almighty. The miniature paintings from the Rajputanas flourished as along as the kings were in court. Once the British came to India, the art scene also changed. Most of the artists gave up, as the British could not understand native art. 
Modern Indian Art 

In the beginning of the 20th century, some educated Indians began painting new themes, which were directly inspired by the ancient culture of India. With the arrival of the foreigners in the motherland most artists were pinning to get back to the core of native themes. Some bold new revivalists that changed the face of the art world.A group of progressive artist decided to express their talents during the turbulent days. Landscapes, nature, portraits were some of the themes that artists chose during this time.
Indian Art Today

Once the government recognized the need to give the new breed of artists a solid platform the colors on the canvas have inspired and encouraged talent from all over the country. Today many artists are producing great works of art and exhibiting them abroad. Most Indian paintings are finding buyers in other countries. The uniqueness of Indian Art still lies in its rich cultural heritage. The art mart in India has gone global and like other sectors it is an economically a viable proposition for business. Somewhere in the world right now, an Indian painting will be bought or sold at an auction and at an unheard price. The paintbrush is becoming as powerful as the pen to express for many Indians. 

As we all know, fashion can be difficult to follow. In an industry where one color, fabric or pattern can be insanely hot one minute and totally out the next, there’s no doubt that keeping up is no easy task. Not to worry, we're here to help you sort through all the latest fashion news and trends and keep you looking chic
Fashion is drawing upon numerous decades and eras, icons and cultures. So it’s no surprise that the headscarf has found its way into the list of must-have accessories.
 
What would spring be without another whimsical take on fashion, allowing us to have fun, look feminine and hold onto one of the biggest trends of the year? If 2011 shyly introduced us to the 1960s swing, it was the spring of 2012 that put the focus back on a revival of ’60s fashion. From mod, to folk and sex kitten inspiration, last season was all about rediscovering the playful elements of the highly acclaimed decade
Autumn (fall) / winter are special seasons for those into fashion. They're seasons that let you perfect your style for the year. And they're seasons that let you perfect your fashion credentials as the new year approaches. As 2013 approaches, we take you through fall 2012's fashions to give you the perfect style for the end of this year and the start of the next.
After the break Fashionising.com will take you through all the fashion trends, from the clothes to the accessories to the hairstyles, for the last seasons of 2012. As always, this fashion trend guide is organic and we’ll continue to update it throughout the season. 
Fashion looks East, drawing inspiration from the Orient and weaving it in with Western fashion in new and unique ways. Texture and print are the keys to oriental-inspired clothing in fall / winter 2012, with oriental motifs and rich brocades taking their places alongside kimono cuts and mandarin colours. 
White may be a huge part of the agenda for summer, but don’t feel you need to neglect it when the leaves start to fall from the trees. White this winter can be all about crisp tailoring or fairytale snow queens; play with texture and fabric for a white winter look
Red may always represent passion and heat, but it’s not always right for the runway. Fall 2012 found the time right to indulge in everything from the brightest of corals to the deepest of ruby reds, mixing fiery hues with the season’s strongest textures.
We consider this a niche autumn / fall / winter fashion trend. Not because we don’t see it as a bit part of the season’s fashions – we suspect you’re going to see a lot of it. But, rather, we see it as a niche trend because most women’t aren’t going to immediately want to wear it.
It can be casual, it can be smart; you can spot it being worn day or night: in one way or another, denim is never far away from the majority of wardrobes. And like everything in fashion, denim has its own set of trends that move and evolve with time. 
We’re always looking for ways to really make an outfit shine, and when it comes to that, accessories are a girl’s best friend. Being perfect for both their practicality (winter is cold, after all) and ability to transform an outfit, hats are one of the key accessories for the chilly season.
Just because the sun is in hiding, doesn’t mean you don’t need to shade your eyes from the glare – or keep your outfit from looking under-accessorised. As far as sunglasses go, round shapes are one key option to try, from slightly cat-eyed to those with bold printed frames.
A wardrobe classic, the men’s leather bomber has a history that’s both practical and sartorial, and very much victorious. Revived with new colours and trims, it’s once again a must-have for any man’s outerwear collection come fall.
It may not be many shades away from the classic black, but come autumn / winter men get to mix up their outerwear by way of rich blue tones. And whoever said navy and black didn’t go together was clearly wrong: they do this season. 
The new season provides two uniques opportunities for your hairstyle: the excuse of getting a new hairstyle simply because it’s a new season, and the need to get a new hairstyle because the weather has gotten cold.

1960s Fashion: Going mod for spring 2013
Take inspiration from the playful side of the '60s in bold prints, bright colours and short a-line hems. This spring the evolution of the mod revival 

It is a challenge to grab eyeballs in hero-centric films: Tamanna 
South actress Tamanna Bhatia, who will be seen opposite Ajay Devgn in Himmatwala and Akshay Kumar in a masala entertainer, finds it challenging to work with a superstar as you have to struggle to make your screen space felt in the movie.
Tamanna is making her debut in Bollywood with Sajid Khan's remake of the 1983 action movie Himmatwala.
"I think there are only advantages of working with a superstar... There are no disadvantages. The good point is lot of people will come and watch the film at least," Tamanna told PTI.
"There is an opportunity to show your talent and then people can have their opinion whether they liked the film or you or not," she added.
On typical Bollywood masala films riding on heroes and heroines being used as an accessory, she said, "I feel for an actress commercial films are bigger challenge than a film where there is a title role for them... When you have a limited role in the film to captivate the audience, its important."
Bollywood, regional films share credits at National Awards
A healthy mix of Bollywood, southern, Marathi and Bengali cinema took away the accolades at the 60th National Film Awards, announced in New Delhi on Monday. Movies with offbeat themes and unconventional treatment shone the brightest.
Tigmanshu Dhulia's Paan Singh Tomar, about an athlete-turned-dacoit, won the best film. The much-versatile Irrfan was named the best actor for the same film, and he shared the title with actor Vikram Gokhale, who was honoured for the performance in Marathi film "Anumati".
One could say Bollywood was shining, courtesy unique films like Kahaani, Vicky Donor, Paan Singh Tomar, OMG: Oh My God! and Dekh Indian Circus, which won multiple awards. However, it was surprising how Barfi!, which was India's entry for the Oscars this year, didn't find a single mention.
 

Priyanka Chopra unhappy as Barfi misses out on National Award

I am feeling bad that Barfi did not win a national award. But then it is up to the jury why they did not give the award," Priyanka told reporters at the launch of her first item song 'Babli Badmaash' here.
Anurag Basu's Barfi was a love story in which Ranbir Kapoor played the role of a deaf and mute person, while Priyanka played an austistic girl's role.
Priyanka, however, said that she is happy that her cousin actress Parineeti Chopra, who won a special mention at the National Awards today for her role in Ishaqzaadez
Babli Badmaash is my ode to Amitabh Bachchan: Priyanka Chopra
Priyanka is seen wearing an edgy costume of rubber and leather studded with LED lights loosely resembling the jacket worn by Bachchan for the popular Saara Zamana from the 1981 blockbuster, in Sanjay Gupta's upcoming film Shootout At Wadala.
"I have acted in three remake films (Don, Agneepath and Zanjeer) of Mr Amitabh Bachchan. I am big fan of him. Unfortunately, I couldn't play his role. So it is my ode to him through this song," Priyanka told reporters here last night at the launch of the song here.
The retro track is composed by Anu Malik, sung by Sunidhi Chauhan and choreographed by Ahmed Khan.
"I had a good experience while doing the song. It was hectic but fun. We had to finish the song in two days I had to shoot for Gunday. I enjoyed doing the song," she said.
Salman Khan gets singing lessons
Salman Khan has a new-found passion for singing, or so it seems. At a recent awards event, the star asked Ayushmann Khurrana to give him a singing lesson. The newbie had gone on stage to collect an award for Best Male Singer for his song Paani Da in Vicky Donor, when Salman who was was hosting the event, asked Ayushmann to teach him to sing. 
A source says, “Ayushmann excitedly agreed and they broke into a live voice training session, as Salman attempted singing Paani Da.” Trust Salman to make any event rock!
Not easy being a heavyweight!
The insider says,“Ayushmann plays Ram, a stage artiste, but on the stage he plays the role of Ravan in Ram Leela. As Ravan, the costume that he wears was so heavy that he kept taking it off after every take and then had to wear it again for the next shot. This entire drama put him on the receiving end of jokes, as the crew kept calling him, ‘Nautanki Saala’.
Bollywood, regional films share credits at National Awards 
A healthy mix of Bollywood, southern, Marathi and Bengali cinema took away the accolades at the 60th National Film Awards, announced in New Delhi on Monday. Movies with offbeat themes and unconventional treatment shone the brightest.
Tigmanshu Dhulia's Paan Singh Tomar, about an athlete-turned-dacoit, won the best film. The much-versatile Irrfan was named the best actor for the same film, and he shared the title with actor Vikram Gokhale, who was honoured for the performance in Marathi film "Anumati".
At 70, Amitabh Bachchan is now a mobile app
As megastar Amitabh Bachchan turns 70 on Thursday, fans across the world will be able to get closer to him with the aid of a new mobile phone application built as a tribute to the cinema legend.The app allows customers to browse and download content by giving access to top 100 high quality songs from Universal music, filmography (list of his 200-odd movies with release dates and other information) and a quiz on him.This app is supported on Apple devices and in WAP format for other mobile phone users.It is also integrated with the official Big B Twitter pages (@SrBachchan) where fans can view the actor's tweets and get an insight on his life.To be launched tomorrow on his 70th birthday, the app will allow fans to wish him directly.
 
100 years of Indian Cinema, 70 years of Amitabh Bachchan
e has achieved so much as an actor that he has now become a living legend. But to the common man, he comes across as someone they can trust;someone they can sit and chat with, open up to, like a confidant or an elder brother. He connects with his audience not only on the screen, but also in real life and makes people around him comfortable. A great quality and ability that he possesses is his simplicity and malleability – a person who will cry when you convey your grief to him. This quality is not something that you can imbibe, it comes from within.

He maintains his uniqueness with dedication and hard work. His eagerness to work is the most important thing. After a certain age, one might think they've done enough but he is still hungry and eager for work. It's amazing to see his enthusiasm and it keeps everyone inspired and motivated.

Everyday he would come on the sets (of Aarakshan) and he would behave like it's his first day as an actor. I usually work with a lot of people on the sets and he would often see me shouting instructions to everybody, trying to coordinate. And he would know how stressed and hassled I was, so he would take over for me for a little while. He would imitate my screaming and sort of put people to ease.

Even now, at this age and with such experience, for a 9 am shoot, he would be ready for it at quarter to nine! And then, when I would tell him 'Bhaiyya, we are still setting up things, why don't you go back to the van' and he would tell me to just give him a chair, he'll sit in the corner and watch the people set up everything! And I am so looking forward to working with him again in Satyagraha, come January.

We're responsible for reducing and preventing crime and ensuring people feel safe in their homes and communities. Another Lankan monk attacked A Buddhist monk from Sri Lanka was assaulted by three unidentified persons on board the Tamil Nadu Express, just as it arrived at Chennai Central Railway Station on Monday.This is the second such attack in three days, the first being on a monk at the Big Temple in Thanjavur on Saturday. The government railway police (GRP) have intensified checks on all trains and tightened security in stations across the State to prevent similar incidents from recurring.The other Sri Lankans in the compartment tried to stop the men and raised an alarm. GRP officers who were on another platform, rushed to their aid, but the men had fled by then.The police said the attack on Mr. Bhandara had been quite brutal. “They slapped the monk, hurled abuse at him and hit him on the leg with a blunt object,” an officer said. Naxal encounter in Maharashtra leaves Two Commandos injuredTwo commandos of Maharashtra’s special Anti-Naxal C-60 force suffered bullet injuries in an encounter with the Naxals early in the morning on Monday in a village in Gondia district of Maharashtra. “The encounter took place near Marartola village in Salekasa division of Gondia. Our team was carrying out searching operation when the Naxals fired on it. Two C-60 commandos suffered bullet injuries in the firing “ Gondia Superintendent of Police (SP) Dilip Zhalke told The Hindu. Commando Ramesh Uike suffered bullet injury on his leg and Commando Sanjay Katare suffered shoulder injury, informed the SP. Passport racket: CCB probing into police role in racketThe Central Crime Branch (CCB), Bangalore, is probing into the role of police personnel in a passport racket unearthed by a sting operation carried out by a regional television channel.A senior police officer, who is supervising the investigation, said that a gang of touts-based in Chickballapur town near here had managed to procure passports for its clients by submitting fake documents. But, the CCB is convinced that the racket could not have flourished without the connivance of the jurisdictional police, who verify addresses and criminal antecedents, if any, of applicants.Since police verification is a crucial aspect of the process, not only the police constable working on the field but also the senior officers could be pulled up for the lapses, the investigating officer said.Historic building uses new technology to combat metal thievesEngineers from the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining have engraved the Guildhall’s lead roof tiles with details of their owner and location so that if stolen, they can be checked by the police against a national database.The scheme is designed to help clamp down on the estimated 1,000 metal thefts per week in the UK which cost the taxpayer around £220 million every year.Minister for Criminal Information Lord Taylor of Holbeach said: 'This innovative project will help ensure historic buildings like Northampton Guildhall are not targeted by metal thieves.'This crime wreaks havoc on communities and new projects like this will help us win the war against metal thieves and preserve the UK’s best-loved landmarks.'This government has introduced strict new rules to clamp down on this type of theft including banning dealers from trading in cash, increasing financial penalties and giving police new powers of entry to metal yards.'Lord Taylor's visit comes just two weeks after the Scrap Metal Dealers Bill received Royal Assent. The Act, which comes into effect later on this year, will allow local authorities to suspend or revoke metal trader licenses where they suspect illegal activity.Sonia Gandhi promises to pass law to stop crime against womenUPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Saturday said a law will be passed soon to prevent crime against women in the country.Gandhi, who was speaking after the foundation stone laying ceremony of Ghani Khan Choudhury Institute of Engineering and Technology in Narayanpur, West Bengal, in the presence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, said the UPA government had taken various steps for the cause of women and establishing their rights."The UPA government has taken several steps for the betterment of women and to make them self dependent. With a fund of around Rs 1000 crores, we are planning to set up a Women Bank, which will be run by women and help women in their business ventures," said Gandhi, who is also the AICC president.Crime branch raids private collegesSelf-financed colleges faced the heat of Plus II question paper leak on Tuesday with the crime branch (CB) starting random checks of their records.The crime branch team visited at least four such colleges in Sambalpur to verify if they were involved in the leak in any way, triggering panic in private institutions. They scrutinized records of Newton's Science College, AIMS College, Vedic Science College and Veer Surendra Sai (VSS) Institute of Sciences to check if these institutions had any role in the question leak.llegal sand dredging: Maha set to slap Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime ActSoon, the state government may be able to book those indulging in illegal sand dredging under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA). In the legislative council on Monday, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat relented to demands made by the Opposition and said that the state would consider the same.Vice chairman of the legislative council Vasant Davkhare insisted on knowing what steps the government was taking to curb the activity which everyone now knows has become an organised crime and said that the state should consider booking culprits under the MCOCA. Why crime pays on televisionThe re-creation of the crime incident started with news channels but was criticised for sensationalism. The highly dramatic anchor almost became a stereotype and the butt of jokes, with dialogues like, "Chain se sona hai to jag jaiye". However, while India's Most Wanted on Zee has ceased airing, Crime Patrol on Sony is still on air with an average of 3-3.5 TVRs, completing 10 years in 2013. In the past year, three such shows have been introduced on national GECs, and two on a regional GEC, Big Magic. All of these garner TVRs between 1 and 2, which is termed above average. The 'It really happened' factor drives the viewership.The nature and treatment of each is different. While Crime Patrol mainly focuses on cases solved by the police, Savdhaan India on Life OK features cases where citizens have fought back. Gumrah on Channel V (repeated on Star Plus) reproduces cases of juvenile crime and tries to analyse the ecosystem in which teen crimes are conceived, and the circumstances that lead to it.Fear in criminal minds can only be created through time-bound disposal of rape cases: Gul Panag I don't think any government is lenient with rapists. The implementation and execution of Law though is clearly lacking. We have low conviction rates across most crimes sadlyI agree it's a start. But amending the IPC without altering Procedural Law and implementation, will have little value. This is not an anti rape bill. This is a bill that seeks to amend the Indian Penal Code and Code of Criminal Procedure. And I believe that we are a long way from ensuring that rapes will be prevented through this Bill or any subsequent one, unless and until time bound disposal of cases is not made mandatory.As CID files charge sheet, bogus bills scam accused turn to HCWith the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) filing a series of charge sheets in the multi-crore bogus bill scam reported in 2011 in the three sub-divisions of the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), many of those indicted — including three senior engineers and a couple of contractors — have now knocked on the doors of the Karnataka High Court challenging the charge sheet. B.G. Prakash, Ideya Vendan and C. Narayan, executive engineers of Malleswaram, Gandhinagar and Rajarajeshwarinagar sub-divisions respectively, are among the petitioners who have questioned the CID charge sheet. The charge sheet indicts them of conniving with civil contractors and making payments by creating bogus bills and others documents, thus siphoning off hundreds of crores in the civil works executed in the areas under their jurisdiction. Money laundering: Parties demand CBI probe in Rajya SabhaCharging the country’s three big private sector banks with being involved in money laundering in the wake of a recent media expose, a demand was made in the Rajya Sabha on Monday for a CBI probe into the matter and cancellation of their licences if found guilty. “To boost their deposits, these banks had agreed to receive huge amounts of cash. They are converting black money into white. This is clear evidence that these banks are clearly involved in money laundering in violation of money laundering laws,” he said questioning the functioning of such private sector banks.Have proof of corruption in farm debt waiver scheme: HazareAnti-corruption activist Anna Hazare on Sunday claimed to have sufficient proofs of alleged irregularities committed in the farmers’ loan waiver scheme of the Centre which was brought out by CAG report recently. “If the state government is interested in going through the proofs, I am willing to hand them over to them,” Mr. Hazare told reporters in Nagpur on Sunday but did not elaborate about the proofs available with him. Earlier this month, expressing serious concern over the implementation of Rs 52,000-crore farm debt waiver scheme, government auditor CAG had said in several cases ineligible farmers were given benefit while deserving ones were left out. Action will be taken against guilty in bank scam: FinMinBoth RBI and Ministry have got into the act. So, we are collecting the information, the channels have been contacted. Once we establish what is the truth of the matter, we will decide on the further course of action. But prima facie this is a serious matter,” Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Takru said.“It is too premature to talk of the banks are offenders. We need to establish that first. It is unfortunate that it has happened. We are all shocked and surprised. If the fact is established, then whoever is guilty will pay the price,” Mr. Takru said. He said there is a possibility that the whole expose, which covers several branches of the banks, would be probed by government agencies. “It is too premature to talk of the banks are offenders. We need to establish that first. It is unfortunate that it has happened. We are all shocked and surprised. If the fact is established, then whoever is guilty will pay the price,” Mr. Takru said. He said there is a possibility that the whole expose, which covers several branches of the banks, would be probed by government agencies.Adarsh scam case: HC issues notices to Maharashtra, CBIThe Bombay High Court today issued notices to the Maharashtra Government and the CBI on a petition filed by former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan seeking to quash the cheating and corruption case registered against him in connection with the Adarsh Housing Society scam.A division bench of Justices P V Hardas and A R Joshi has directed the Government and the CBI to file their affidavits by April 1.Mr. Chavan, in his petition filed late last year, had sought quashing of the FIR registered by the CBI in the Adarsh scam stating that it did not have jurisdiction to probe the matter as neither the State Government nor the High Court had given their consent to the agency to conduct investigation.The former Chief Minister claimed that he was wrongly named in the FIR and that there was a political conspiracy to keep him out of public affairs.Gujarat High Court asks state CID to probe Amreli missing child case We're responsible for reducing and preventing crime and ensuring people feel safe in their homes and communities. 
Another Lankan monk attacked 
A Buddhist monk from Sri Lanka was assaulted by three unidentified persons on board the Tamil Nadu Express, just as it arrived at Chennai Central Railway Station on Monday.
This is the second such attack in three days, the first being on a monk at the Big Temple in Thanjavur on Saturday. The government railway police (GRP) have intensified checks on all trains and tightened security in stations across the State to prevent similar incidents from recurring.
The other Sri Lankans in the compartment tried to stop the men and raised an alarm. GRP officers who were on another platform, rushed to their aid, but the men had fled by then.
The police said the attack on Mr. Bhandara had been quite brutal. “They slapped the monk, hurled abuse at him and hit him on the leg with a blunt object,” an officer said. 
Naxal encounter in Maharashtra leaves Two Commandos injured
Two commandos of Maharashtra’s special Anti-Naxal C-60 force suffered bullet injuries in an encounter with the Naxals early in the morning on Monday in a village in Gondia district of Maharashtra. 
“The encounter took place near Marartola village in Salekasa division of Gondia. Our team was carrying out searching operation when the Naxals fired on it. Two C-60 commandos suffered bullet injuries in the firing “ Gondia Superintendent of Police (SP) Dilip Zhalke told The Hindu. 
Commando Ramesh Uike suffered bullet injury on his leg and Commando Sanjay Katare suffered shoulder injury, informed the SP. 
Passport racket: CCB probing into police role in racket
The Central Crime Branch (CCB), Bangalore, is probing into the role of police personnel in a passport racket unearthed by a sting operation carried out by a regional television channel.
A senior police officer, who is supervising the investigation, said that a gang of touts-based in Chickballapur town near here had managed to procure passports for its clients by submitting fake documents. But, the CCB is convinced that the racket could not have flourished without the connivance of the jurisdictional police, who verify addresses and criminal antecedents, if any, of applicants.
Since police verification is a crucial aspect of the process, not only the police constable working on the field but also the senior officers could be pulled up for the lapses, the investigating officer said.
Historic building uses new technology to combat metal thieves
Engineers from the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining have engraved the Guildhall’s lead roof tiles with details of their owner and location so that if stolen, they can be checked by the police against a national database.
The scheme is designed to help clamp down on the estimated 1,000 metal thefts per week in the UK which cost the taxpayer around £220 million every year.
Minister for Criminal Information Lord Taylor of Holbeach said: 'This innovative project will help ensure historic buildings like Northampton Guildhall are not targeted by metal thieves.
'This crime wreaks havoc on communities and new projects like this will help us win the war against metal thieves and preserve the UK’s best-loved landmarks.
'This government has introduced strict new rules to clamp down on this type of theft including banning dealers from trading in cash, increasing financial penalties and giving police new powers of entry to metal yards.'
Lord Taylor's visit comes just two weeks after the Scrap Metal Dealers Bill received Royal Assent. The Act, which comes into effect later on this year, will allow local authorities to suspend or revoke metal trader licenses where they suspect illegal activity.
Sonia Gandhi promises to pass law to stop crime against women
UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Saturday said a law will be passed soon to prevent crime against women in the country.
Gandhi, who was speaking after the foundation stone laying ceremony of Ghani Khan Choudhury Institute of Engineering and Technology in Narayanpur, West Bengal, in the presence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, said the UPA government had taken various steps for the cause of women and establishing their rights.
"The UPA government has taken several steps for the betterment of women and to make them self dependent. With a fund of around Rs 1000 crores, we are planning to set up a Women Bank, which will be run by women and help women in their business ventures," said Gandhi, who is also the AICC president.
Crime branch raids private colleges
Self-financed colleges faced the heat of Plus II question paper leak on Tuesday with the crime branch (CB) starting random checks of their records.
The crime branch team visited at least four such colleges in Sambalpur to verify if they were involved in the leak in any way, triggering panic in private institutions. They scrutinized records of Newton's Science College, AIMS College, Vedic Science College and Veer Surendra Sai (VSS) Institute of Sciences to check if these institutions had any role in the question leak.
llegal sand dredging: Maha set to slap Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act
Soon, the state government may be able to book those indulging in illegal sand dredging under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA). In the legislative council on Monday, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat relented to demands made by the Opposition and said that the state would consider the same.
Vice chairman of the legislative council Vasant Davkhare insisted on knowing what steps the government was taking to curb the activity which everyone now knows has become an organised crime and said that the state should consider booking culprits under the MCOCA.
 
Why crime pays on television
The re-creation of the crime incident started with news channels but was criticised for sensationalism. The highly dramatic anchor almost became a stereotype and the butt of jokes, with dialogues like, "Chain se sona hai to jag jaiye". 
However, while India's Most Wanted on Zee has ceased airing, Crime Patrol on Sony is still on air with an average of 3-3.5 TVRs, completing 10 years in 2013. In the past year, three such shows have been introduced on national GECs, and two on a regional GEC, Big Magic. All of these garner TVRs between 1 and 2, which is termed above average. The 'It really happened' factor drives the viewership.
The nature and treatment of each is different. While Crime Patrol mainly focuses on cases solved by the police, Savdhaan India on Life OK features cases where citizens have fought back. Gumrah on Channel V (repeated on Star Plus) reproduces cases of juvenile crime and tries to analyse the ecosystem in which teen crimes are conceived, and the circumstances that lead to it.
Fear in criminal minds can only be created through time-bound disposal of rape cases: Gul Panag 
I don't think any government is lenient with rapists. The implementation and execution of Law though is clearly lacking. We have low conviction rates across most crimes sadlyI agree it's a start. But amending the IPC without altering Procedural Law and implementation, will have little value. This is not an anti rape bill. This is a bill that seeks to amend the Indian Penal Code and Code of Criminal Procedure. And I believe that we are a long way from ensuring that rapes will be prevented through this Bill or any subsequent one, unless and until time bound disposal of cases is not made mandatory.
As CID files charge sheet, bogus bills scam accused turn to HC
With the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) filing a series of charge sheets in the multi-crore bogus bill scam reported in 2011 in the three sub-divisions of the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), many of those indicted — including three senior engineers and a couple of contractors — have now knocked on the doors of the Karnataka High Court challenging the charge sheet. 
B.G. Prakash, Ideya Vendan and C. Narayan, executive engineers of Malleswaram, Gandhinagar and Rajarajeshwarinagar sub-divisions respectively, are among the petitioners who have questioned the CID charge sheet. 
The charge sheet indicts them of conniving with civil contractors and making payments by creating bogus bills and others documents, thus siphoning off hundreds of crores in the civil works executed in the areas under their jurisdiction. 
Money laundering: Parties demand CBI probe in Rajya Sabha
Charging the country’s three big private sector banks with being involved in money laundering in the wake of a recent media expose, a demand was made in the Rajya Sabha on Monday for a CBI probe into the matter and cancellation of their licences if found guilty. “To boost their deposits, these banks had agreed to receive huge amounts of cash. They are converting black money into white. This is clear evidence that these banks are clearly involved in money laundering in violation of money laundering laws,” he said questioning the functioning of such private sector banks.
Have proof of corruption in farm debt waiver scheme: Hazare
Anti-corruption activist Anna Hazare on Sunday claimed to have sufficient proofs of alleged irregularities committed in the farmers’ loan waiver scheme of the Centre which was brought out by CAG report recently. 
“If the state government is interested in going through the proofs, I am willing to hand them over to them,” Mr. Hazare told reporters in Nagpur on Sunday but did not elaborate about the proofs available with him. 
Earlier this month, expressing serious concern over the implementation of Rs 52,000-crore farm debt waiver scheme, government auditor CAG had said in several cases ineligible farmers were given benefit while deserving ones were left out. 
Action will be taken against guilty in bank scam: FinMin
Both RBI and Ministry have got into the act. So, we are collecting the information, the channels have been contacted. Once we establish what is the truth of the matter, we will decide on the further course of action. But prima facie this is a serious matter,” Financial Services Secretary Rajiv Takru said.
“It is too premature to talk of the banks are offenders. We need to establish that first. It is unfortunate that it has happened. We are all shocked and surprised. If the fact is established, then whoever is guilty will pay the price,” Mr. Takru said. 
He said there is a possibility that the whole expose, which covers several branches of the banks, would be probed by government agencies. 
“It is too premature to talk of the banks are offenders. We need to establish that first. It is unfortunate that it has happened. We are all shocked and surprised. If the fact is established, then whoever is guilty will pay the price,” Mr. Takru said. 
He said there is a possibility that the whole expose, which covers several branches of the banks, would be probed by government agencies.
Adarsh scam case: HC issues notices to Maharashtra, CBI
The Bombay High Court today issued notices to the Maharashtra Government and the CBI on a petition filed by former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan seeking to quash the cheating and corruption case registered against him in connection with the Adarsh Housing Society scam.
A division bench of Justices P V Hardas and A R Joshi has directed the Government and the CBI to file their affidavits by April 1.
Mr. Chavan, in his petition filed late last year, had sought quashing of the FIR registered by the CBI in the Adarsh scam stating that it did not have jurisdiction to probe the matter as neither the State Government nor the High Court had given their consent to the agency to conduct investigation.
The former Chief Minister claimed that he was wrongly named in the FIR and that there was a political conspiracy to keep him out of public affairs.
Gujarat High Court asks state CID to probe Amreli missing child case 
Gujarat high court has ordered the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID Crime) to take over investigation of the case of a missing minor from Amreli from the local crime branch of Amreli police.  Resident of Amreli, Gangaben Bagda, has moved HC through a special criminal application stating that her minor son has been kidnapped and is being detained at some private place. She had also expressed apprehension that her minor son may have already been killed.The incident which took place in 2009 is yet to see any action taken by the police.  Taking note of the delay in investigation as well as the lackadaisical manner in which investigation were conducted so far, the court also ordered the superintendent of police, Amreli to personally examine the entire record and process of the case and take appropriate action against the police inspector who was heading the investigation





